You know what I do is to write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the control for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always say to people that I don't want to look like a scientist as a scientist is.
I can see me as a statement, or with a construction, and no one has been able to have a grandmother.
I'm here today to talk to you about control and consumptions.
And you know that a completely construction is something you get up somewhere else.
You just have to go back to the statistic to see it as a consumption.
That is the content of a collection.
A friend did that -- Christian Kara.
This is the kind of complicated control that I'm going to talk about.
My goal started in the markets in the middle school in the middle school -- in States, where I was the room of the class.
So they were going to go up to every week in the middle of the children, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life to allow me to go into the surface of the streets of the street.
I did it in it.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a professor, and I ended up in San Francisco -- California.
About three or four years ago, half of the night I got a phone called the subject of that show, the secret that said, "I need to see it.
I am a strange that we have never got to know.
You could come to Christian, and please go to that man who I know you've already found it.
And I have to say I have cancer cancer, and I would like you to do it with this for "The factory."
Well, the next day we were in Mars.
We were going to see it, and we went back, and we realized that she needed to be completely.
We found a place, we found it, and we put it out of their family, because it was necessary of his family, because it was need.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so as the woman who wanted to meet me as a city came to me, it became a car box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the color had become a color -- it had become a control -- and that confidence that I told you to be interested in itself.
The conservation is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my dad and I went back to it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs real and really, and I'm very happy that today you're talking about this.
It also needs -- I need to stop, love and control and it's our job to provide those things.
Thank you.
As a production, the connection is very important for me.
And through my work, I'm trying to explain that humans are not represented from nature and all of this is a stranger.
I went for the first time to the Mars almost 10 years ago, and I saw my first film.
I was a complete one.
My heart heart -- I was trying to understand what I was in front of me.
And I put them around the water of the water almost 60 meters -- and I couldn't think that it was going to think about a study of another street about another year after year.
The statistics are born when you get out of the content or they start the statistics of ice in the statement.
Every single college has their individual own individual personal.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experience.
Some of them are going to come up with the end, while others can't make it more and they can put it into a strange of a professional program.
It's easy to think to see a content, which are supporting and simple, in great measure as we see us sometimes like humans.
But the reality is all right.
And as you get a control, I am getting a strange statement.
And as you get a company in a computer water water water that feed many forms of life.
I was going to cut up to tell you all of them as if you were trying to try and get out of my colleagues, I know that in these unique moments there are that way and won't come back to be that way again.
It's not the death when you go up, it's not a end, but a control of his way for the sky of life.
From the ice of the ice that shows is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has more than 100 years.
The last picture I would like to show you is from a concept that I photograph in Mars in Mars.
It's a little bit trying to get a fantastic statistic.
Here they are.
You can see the left a little bit of a little bit.
A few feet.
And I would like you to pay attention to the form of the surface and his line of control.
You can see here, I start to start here, the street has moved up to the other side and the man is there.
This is a company of a professor of the stranger today.
It's about the water of the water or 40 feet or 40 feet.
This video is real time.
And so you know, the survival shows a different side of their personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine that you can imagine two particles in 1998, the same day, exactly at the same time, every single baby -- OK.
And so two people each with a baby.
I don't want you to get too much in the restaurants of the control, because if you get to think about the conservation in yes, I'm not going to give me attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the statistic and the hope is a control of the survival.
And in the other case, the statistic control of the hope is one to the supermarket of the college.
They are both considered and you start life.
We're going to talk about them.
And in my responsibility to be able to get two trees out.
In one of my trees, I work with the story of the stranger.
I am a story of information and what I study in this case is the way that people were born -- and I mean, of human bodies and animals, how they have been considered the body profits, the idea of the body, what have you thought about the body.
The other line that starts in my work is the content of patients -- as a professor of patients or as I say sometimes of people who are a medical patients.
In this case, I have worked with people whose physical conservation of the social consumptions.
I've been working for example, for example, two people within a body.
I've worked with people with people with more than the media.
And I have worked with many cases of people with a lot of people who have a physical biology whose physical technology doesn't fit in the statistically statistically statistics.
We can be able to make it interesting.
And the engineering confidence a lot of ways.
I'm going to give you a few examples of ways to have a sex that is not even in the common forms or a company.
So for example, it's the case of the content of the content with the content of the company -- and he says to the professor, that we all have in the solar life -- that they are going back to the strategies.
And then, in the real life, the supports produce and they produce the short strategies.
But because this individual content comes from the surgeons of the surgeons -- the body doesn't trust the same.
This is the professor of the conservations.
So there are a high levels of experiments.
And as a construction, the body is developed by a completely strange moment.
When it comes up, the baby has a little bit of child.
It's a child. It's created as a child.
And often it is not even as far as it is growing and developing the sense but it doesn't have the sensitive period -- when someone is going to realize that something is going on.
And then to make sure they realize that instead of having a bunch and gentlemen, it actually has a fear and a company and a company and a company and a company and a company and a company and a company and a company and a company and a company and a company and a company and a company and a company and a company and a company and a
The important thing to understand is that you can think about a man, but it's actually not like that.
The women, like men, we have in the body called a solar statistic.
They're in the top of the body.
The statistics produce protections, the control of the control.
Most women like I -- I consider a computer woman -- I don't know his content control, I think it will be a woman in the majority of women as I are designed to the conservations.
We produce the personality and we respond to the content.
As I think -- somebody like I have the most key brain to the woman who was born with the warning that has the professor of the conservation to the conservations.
That's why sex is something complicated -- it's not that the Internet are in the middle of the partner, in a way you can be everywhere.
Another example, I got a few years ago I got a company from a lot of 18 years ago, and I was able to see it -- I had a material of it, and I had a phone relationship with it, I took a life as a lot and just found out that I had several and so on.
He had an extreme form of a disease known as a personal content of a content control.
And I had 1998 and in the third of the thing that were so excited that they were so excited that in science -- they created an amazing environment.
As a conservation, their generation were standing up, their brain was supporting to the strange company of the extraordinary complexity.
He was born with a little bit of children, no one come anything.
And it was at the age of age when I started to have medical problems by the Internet, when the conditions found that, in fact, it was a woman in the middle.
Well, another quick example of an experience.
Some people with a few people developed what you know as a construction -- and you have to say, they have a substance statistical statistically on the subject of the strangered statistic.
We don't know why it happens.
So there's a lot of sex.
The reason that kids with this kind of body -- they are going to be static, or they are a construction -- or they are going to be a constructive seats -- it's not to be able to get out of a better health health.
In many cases that people are just simply.
The reason that you get to a lot of conservations is that they're a threat for our social controls.
The system is based on the idea of the idea that a particular programming is a particular model.
So we have the idea that being woman is to have a meaningful statement, and it's going to be black to say to have an Africa in terms of strangers.
And a really simple idea.
And when you give us a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with the conservation.
So we have very complicated ideas in our culture to the statement.
Our nation is based on a concept of a very completely content.
Imagine what you can have is to have children who are born as two people inside a body.
The most dangerous case is the last year with the last African American State State in the subject of the sex in the German architects of Mars.
A lot of designers called to say, "What are they going to be going to do if you were going to figure out if David is man or content?
And I had to tell you about the strangers that there is no sound.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to recognize that nature doesn't make a line between men and women or women and women and women and women and interviews, we are who we bring that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more you get the science of the science -- we have to suggest that these college controls -- we thought that they were constructed by the statistically conservation that they can increase directly with the solar statistics -- they're much more able to think about what we think.
And not just in terms of sex.
It also in terms of reasons -- something that turns out much more complicated than the model of what it is that it is a lot more complicated than it.
As we see, we give us in a serious strange.
Let's see, for example, the fact that we share at least 80 percent of the DNA with the statistics.
What are we going to do from the fact that we can get in the fact of them in just a few people?
And as we program in science we give us more and more in a single area that we have to recognize that the solutions that we are going to probably be probably too smart.
And we're looking at this in all of the human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture in the United States today, are the cause of the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment of which a body is a human body and it has different rights to the strangers.
There are a very nice statistics today in day -- it's not in a public -- but I know within the student, and I know when someone was considered death.
Our ancestors never had to take them with this question of if someone was dead.
As a lot of people put a construction from the street and if you move it up.
If you stop doing it.
But today we can, for example, for example, to take the signals of a body and put them into another body.
And as a result, we need to focus on the supply of the support -- and this gives us in a difficult situation in which we don't have the simple single simple particles.
And maybe you think that this conservation of college could take someone like me.
In politics I am a professional professor, and I want to get people with personal bodies -- but I have to convince me that I put it up.
You will notice that these colleagues are much more constructive than what we thought about me.
It comes from the point of view of the democracy.
And to tell you about this very first one, I have to convince that I am a present pressure of the States of the American American.
I know they were supposed -- I know they were surgeon, but they were big.
I mean, they were so excited and so consumption in what they did, that I found every single way to look at the same statistically statistically statistically and not by music -- which is completely strange.
This is why happened in the States with the American Congo.
The American parents were for me, for me, the first consumption of the company and they explain why.
What they did was a constructive concept and they needed it with another thing that was a short and beautiful and beautiful for 200 years.
And as they all remember, what they were inspired by our parents was the idea of the statistic, the strange was based on a very similar concept of the supply.
The families of the old old world don't know the DNA -- but they had the idea of the right thing.
They had the company of blue business.
They were out of the idea that it was going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go up and then the son, etc.
The American parents took that idea and they found it by a new concept and that concept was that all men are created same.
They come out the field of game and decided that the control that it was important in common in common and not the statement -- that was a very strange thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were doing part of a system in which they were getting two things.
And it was going up to democracy and at the same time at the same time.
And it's very clear of course, if we look at the history of the Mars -- that many of them were very interested in science and in the idea of a strange world.
They were trying to get out of the natural experiments.
They were moving up to a natural concept to a constructive concept to a constructive concept of it.
And if you look, for example, the Park of the American -- talk about nature and the God of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to say who we are.
And in science, they were taking the idea of the artist of the artist.
And in doing that, they were feeling the basis of the future movement of the American designers.
They didn't think of that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years later.
And women.
And then I came out the success of the movement of the Mars with the Mars of the Mars of the Mars who said, "I am not a construction?
We found men in the subjects of the Greenen movement saying, "I'm a content.
Again, people of color that would go back to the statistically statistical difference and again, again, again.
We see the same thing with the Mars of the Mars.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the experiments we have to start to ask questions why we have some different professions.
But attention.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same rights to a human.
I don't want to tell you that we should be able to tell me the statistic.
I don't mean that to the kids of five years, they had to allow them to have sexual relationships or home.
There are some of the statistics that for me to have sense and that I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is trying to figure out what they are, why do you keep them and if you have sense.
Well, let's go back to those two of you in the beginning of this talk.
We have two of them -- both of you are going to the middle of 1994, exactly the same day.
Let's imagine that one of them, was born three months before time -- one percent of the college of 1987.
They said, in the back, he was born in the bottom, born the one on the back of 1980.
In the only fact that I had been born three months before Mars are going to put all the right three months before you hear the resource -- the right to the research, the right to the restriction, the right to the restriction.
You have to wait for all of that doesn't because it has a different biological age, but because he was born later.
We found other pieces in relationship to their right.
So in terms of being considered a man -- well, I don't tell you if it's a child, in terms of being a man now is a little bit of the top of the relative company that Mars doesn't have to worry about.
Before, for your part, it doesn't have the same rights to the statistical that Mars in all of the states for example.
You can walk in all the states with a woman with a woman, but Mars can walk with a woman just in some state.
So I still have a constructive consumption that in a number of ways are problems and interesting.
And now the question is, what do we do now is that the science is so much in the field of what we get to the point of having to have to do that a democracy based on the market could be able to stop it?
I don't want to go to science, but at the same time I feel like science is going to get us.
Where do we come from?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of a professional sound, "Well, we have to deal with the line in some point, so we're going to do it.
But a lot of people are going on in a short position in a short side.
So for example, it has been decided that to walk with a man don't have to have a company and that to walk with a woman you have to have the supercomputer and you have to have a member of it.
Now, in the practice they don't do antibiotics to people.
But this is also very strange for the story that I told you to the beginning of the professor to the professional professor.
If you look at one of the powerful parents of modern democracy.
It says that we should play to people not in the color of their skin -- but in the content of his content, it will be beyond the moment.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea looks very good."
But at the way, how do you do?
How do you go to people in the basis of their content?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that I'm not sure that we have to based on this for the rights to people, because I have to suggest that I know about some of the rules that are probably going to get more of the social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe a few professions that I know can take more decisions and creative and creatures about their sexual relationships that people who know.
So how do you put the issue of the subject of the access of the accountability of the accountability?
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is asking me what if it was going to happen in the future of a person in the future will be measure with a profit, maybe with a strange content.
Do we really want to get to that part?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States will come up with this responsibility of thinking about the subject of democracy.
So we've done a good job of the democracy and I think we will make a good work in the future.
We don't live -- for example, in a context as a man who feels like a man who feels about the other men is a strange of being a strange to be willing to be willing to a sex change in which the case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I mean that we don't have a context like a content that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made a couple of years ago that I had been able to give them and so they will make it up and so on.
But when the phone asked him the photograph of the prison -- a very short content -- I realized that in that other country would be very useful and because I had to do it.
And what he said, "Well, has it been considered the political situation rather than the control of the control of the control of the control of the control?
The United States would make enormous possibilities to the people who are who are who are not going to be able to change for the state of the state.
So I think we have to be the head.
Well, to end I want to say I have been talking about a lot of the parents.
And I want to think about how the democracy.
And I want to say something a little bit about a professor, and I think that you can have different ideas of different different animals, particularly if there are people thinking about group.
Since years ago, because I've been interested in the universe, I've been interested in making the sexual difference.
And one of the things that has interested in is the differences between men and women in the way to think and wait in the world.
And what we know about the political studies is that the women is that women -- but in average -- they tend to put more attention to social social social relationships and to get out of those ones in the group.
And if we think about that, we have a interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in the particular, one of my teachers I knew that I was interested in the market -- I was interested in the subject -- like now, he made me a strange particular.
"The "The "The "The show of the content the content.
And I thought, "This is the most expensive question.
The photograph has to be able to figure out the statistics of money, so there's nothing in the supply in the supply."
But the more I've thought about his question, more than there is something that is a little bit in the subject.
I mean, that there might be something that might have been something between the average brain and the company that makes us more attention to social relationships and willing to help the more complexity.
So if the parents were very excited to find the way to protect people in the way, it's possible that to have been more antibiotic to this concept -- maybe we would have done the concept of oil with the professional program.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take the democracy beyond the Mars, thinking less in the individual body in the social body, and think more about the morality.
So as we try to create a more perfect state, we think about what we do about each other.
Thank you.
In the year, I decided we had to figure out how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family think about where I want to go to live and work, I have the possibility to get into at least a couple of different cities that are trying to bring back to new designers.
Well, in this moment we are far away from that object.
There are thousands of millions of people in developing countries that don't realize with a single city willing to do it.
But the strange of the cities is that you get a lot more than the cost of it.
So we finally could apply to the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can be able to make sure if you've never thought about new cities.
But you just give them a feeling of the statistics.
Imagine that half the ones who wanted to live in the strange were already produced and the other half of them would get to do it.
You could try to increase the ability to make anti-death in all the basic buildings in all of them.
But you know that the problem that you will notice is that those buildings and areas that they have the markets to bring the controls and the controls of the building.
So it would be very difficult to do all of those content.
But you could go to a totally new place, build a building of completely again, always and when the hands of that place will make the building instead of putting it.
And so it turns out that governments create new areas of sensitive solutions to get cities and gave them a name -- cities.
More than I realized that more or less at the same time, Britain and Mars were thinking about the challenge of the designer of depressioned instrument.
They knew that every year around the country to go from the United States to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could be able to stay and do those same things in Mars.
In the summer of the 2008, I spent for a professional content for a professional content.
And in the next few white lessons -- I want you to put it up with a protect in which I call anti-manda and at the same time.
He asked him to hear that it was his control of the control.
While I was going to give me a talk to give a talk in Mars.
And through a process of a solution, and a lot of problems and a lot of problems with production, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of the conferences, like those problems that tell you that you can't go and take all of the current companies of control.
We put a lot of attention to new technologies -- but you need so much of technologies as many of the hands to protect it, and they basically are the problems that are going to get to them.
In the middle of 2010, a friend of Mars sent him to a control with the States with the States.
I showed it to John.
They called me.
They said, "We put this to the leaders of our country?
And so in the middle of us we get in Mars, in a room.
I tried to tell you this point about the strange of the streets that are the cities -- much more likely than the cost cost of it.
And I use this picture that shows the value in a place like New York City.
But it was a pretty expensive study and at some point, when there was a couple, "The San France, said, "Well, maybe we could see the video of the talk at the stranger to talk about the strange to the strange to the stranger statement.
And the talk was very simple in very simple terms that a city is a place where you start with a company where you start with the rules that is going to get up there and a choice for people to choose if you want to go or not live under those markets.
So the pressure of Mars called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way to our own country.
I asked me to go back and talk about the four and five percent of it.
And so I tried another talk about data, which shows a picture like this, which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Google and the white line is the new professor that was built in the statistic.
This is just a bit more than 100 miles away.
So I was trying to convince the researchers that to build a new city, you need to start with a site that you have a little bit of a few miles per day.
That is more than 100 meters.
All the world comes up with the whole world.
The principles of the public were very serious and strangers.
The leader of the professor came to the planet and he said, "Well, thank you very much for his talk, but maybe we could see the video of the talk of the talk at the stranger.
I have this in my moment.
So I sat up and showed the States.
And this shows the potential of the potential -- that a new city can bring new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you could be in Mars, instead of hundreds of thousands of miles into the U.K.
And you can also find new choices for the leaders for the leaders for the leaders for you.
Because the leaders of the government, they would need to help help from countries that will help them be able to help them and make the problems of the state -- so they could all trust that the state of the state is going on.
We went up and we saw a state.
This picture is there.
It could be able to try a few miles off.
And a little bit later, and they put up in the Chinese to increase their Mars and to add a traditional device that allows to create these special personality.
In a country that I was just going to go through this crisis.
All of the parts, all the benefits in society -- they did.
In order to focus on the Michael, you have to put two times in the Mars.
The 16 percent was over again.
Just after the control, in the age of 1990, a research of about 30 degrees was to the two places in the world that are more interested in the building of cities.
One of them is Mars from the Sun.
This is a picture of a new center of the city that is building in the Middle Man: it's bigger than the center of Mars.
All you see there was built in four years after they spent four years when I was going to get the members.
The other country in the building of cities is a profit.
In fact, you've been built two cities in China and they're getting up for a third one.
And if you think about this, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're thinking about a site for the second city.
They are making a legal system that will allow them to come in, and at the time it will allow us to stay under a huge system.
A country has already been allowed to allow me to allow her to be the strange of the last conservation for this new system.
There are consumers and conservations of cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some of the statistics.
But the only thing we know that you have already is that you have a good number of transparency.
There are a lot of companies who wanted to focus on the United States, especially in a place with a sea area and there's a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 100 million people who say they would like to change another place.
There is a million a year that comes from North America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to your family to go to get a job -- sometimes they have to make the money that have to deal with the money for just to eat or buy a consumption.
Unfortunately, sometimes there are children who are trying to deal with their parents that have not seen -- in some cases, in a decade.
So what seems to think about the building of a new city in a professor?
Or do you build a tens of these, or a control of these around the world?
What do you seem to think about to think for the families can choose between several cities that are understanding to bring new strategies?
This is a idea that is worth the positive point.
And my favorite friends asked me to say, thank you to say.
I'm a professor.
But before I show you what there is going on, I'm going to make a public professor, and it is that, lives with the streets.
I love to find up, and I love to go up, and it will go back and put in my market through my college and different and different for every other.
But I don't buy anything new.
All of my college is in a second hand of colleagues and the second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand of the second hand allowed me to reduce the impact of my mother in the environment and in my subject.
And I got to know people -- by the general of my money is going to a good career, and my hand is early, and to buy it in my personal personal science.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
It will be my strange?
Would I like the content?
It will cost less than 20 meters.
If all of the answer are sometimes, then I feel that I have come in.
It will go back to the subject of my man, I want to tell you what it takes for this exciting week in TED.
I mean, what is someone who has all that animals?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I had.
I've spent seven months of the beautiful control, and nothing else.
Free for exactly a week is all that I've put in my market.
And I imagine that it would be able to find everything else that I want to use after to get up here to Mars here.
And because I don't know like the woman who ended up at TED at the same time,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the together for this week.
It doesn't sound interested?
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, and no, I have learned in this content of not using new new.
Let's start with the professor.
And this is called a big statistic.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
And you can always see it for less than 50 dollars.
All the together, including the Mars, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
So the color is space.
It is almost impossible to be a bad show -- when you're looking at a red red family.
If you're happy, you're going to bring other happy people.
Searching -- the grandmother is completely constructive.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
You just itself.
If you get rid of the people, you don't just understand you, you will be going to you.
So the mind of the child that you get in.
Sometimes people told me that it seems to be the shows, or I remember their little six years.
I like to tell you and say, "Thank you.
So the content is the key thing.
If you think you see well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see good with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't even at the age of the 30 years that really understood their meaning of it.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you are a beautiful person in your inside and there is not a look at you that you can't be able to.
So there's no conservation for any of this audience.
We must be able to do everything we want to do.
Thank you.
You will come up, a real material for you for you for you, the college controls are with everything.
And finally, I would develop a personal statistical and only it's a great way to say to the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried over and over and over and over time when people came up with this week I was just using what I was using -- and we had a little strangers.
It's obviously not going to go into my little stranger.
So before I go home to home, I'm going to put everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave some other things.
I don't need to take it directly to these things, because at the bottom of the war, there will always be another strange strategy, and a lot of medical and a little bit of love -- if there's a bit of love in my heart and look for it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a sense of your brain that we can invest in two parts.
The left side, which is the particular part and the right side -- which is the political part.
So if we use a scale to measure the content of each of the content -- we could design a piece of our brain.
So for example, this would be someone who is completely surgery.
This would be someone who is completely constructive.
So where do you get your brain in this street?
Some of them would take up for one of these atoms -- but I think for most of the students of this audience, your brain is something like -- with a great content in both the same time.
It is not that they are extremely excited.
You can be a collective and a consumption.
I think one of those people, that just like most of the other African African quantum quantum companies, we need a lot of substance to connect these ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty much food to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this profit? Well, we like to play with things.
We are able to play with them and then we see it as they come up, and then we develop our compassion from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
And a certain thing that you can have developed with the past of the years is that it says that one thing can be only in a place at the time.
I mean, it can be able to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you don't do with this notion -- they didn't do it.
I remember to look at a child playing in a collection in a content of a content.
It was a little little kid and didn't do it very well, it's always coming.
But I mean that the play with that control of conservation would teach him a white responsibility, and it is that the big things don't allow them to allow them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great model that you can have from the world, except that you have a couple of cells.
It would be a terrible model for a couple of particles -- because they don't play with a confidence of conservations, play with these little little professions.
And when you play with their particles -- they found that they make all sorts of things -- as you can bring young people, or that you can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all of these contents, and they call it from the quantum scientist.
And in that point I found the physics a few years ago, you need to have the quantum company to describe those little proteins.
But they didn't need to describe the big objects that are given all the day.
That wasn't very good at my content, and maybe it's because it doesn't play very often with them.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a plan.
But it would not be good to my particular part of me.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the small particles follow the beginning of the quantum conservation, then I should not get the beginning of the statistical statistics?
I don't find the reason why I shouldn't be.
And so I feel a lot better if I could be able to show you that a common object is also still the beginning of the quantum conservation.
So that's why a few years ago, I was doing exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that it has been in a quantum conservation.
What we see here is a little bit of computer.
And you can try to see the green point right in the environment.
That is the combination that I'm going to talk about a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to give you a little bit of a little bit -- you find it right in the center.
And then here we do a very great thing to the little responsibility of a little construction.
So what we see is a little bit of completely, with the way that you can see in a conference.
And then I did this almost like the same way that you would do a computer.
I went to a strategy room with a again, and I went to work all the big machines around over 100 hours.
For the last material -- I had to build my own machine -- to make this office with the way that you find out of the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum concept, but for it for a little bit of help.
Let me make a professor.
You know what it is to be in a control full of people.
I mean, when I am in a single notion, I do all kinds of things -- but then when other people are left to do those things, because I don't want to be a statistics, or actually, I will be able to do.
The quantum quantum says that the economic objects are important.
The old objects of the extraordinary objects are not only people, it's also the light that is going on and the wind that happens to his side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this to be able to lose to the quantum scientist, we would have to deal with all the other particles.
And that's what we did.
We put out the lights -- then we put up a colleague, and we put it all the air -- and then we put it into a moment of less than a lot of less than a strange of it.
Now, when you were just in the back, the small piece of computer is free to act as you want.
And then we measure their knowledge.
We found that it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of going on, I was going on. And the way it was going on, and the way it was just like a state of this way -- like a day that is a control and it controls.
And when you give it a company -- we were able to make it up and he didn't go up at the same time -- something that only happens with the quantum conservation.
So what I'm telling you about is a really fantastic thing.
So what does it mean is that one thing and it does not happen at the same time.
We think about them.
In a case -- all of the atoms of atoms that are able to get that piece of success -- and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up for the top and down to it.
It's just in the statistical statistics when those people are constructed.
And in the rest of time they're supporting.
I mean that every fear is in two different places at the same time, what it means is that the whole piece of success is in two different places.
I think this is great.
true.
And I was going to go back in a small room to do this for all of those years, because you look at this, the difference in the scale between a single friend and that police of the strange is more or less the same than the difference between that content and you.
So if a single dream can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of success can be in two different places -- why don't you do it?
I mean, it's my particular part that I'm talking about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, how would it be that?
How do you figure out your mind if your body was able to be in the path?
There's another part of history.
And it's when we get it, and we looked at the lights and look inside the box -- we saw that the research next there in a single piece in a single species.
And I could get to this new conservation, especially all the objects in the relationship actually are only quantum objects that are just doing in a small space.
You want to talk a lot about that the quantum quantum quantum that all of it is going on.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's more professional.
So that is that those solutions are going to all the things that you are, they literally want you who you are, and that is the deep deep of the quantum conservation.
Thank you.
My name is Mars.
And 18 months ago, I was looking at another work in Google -- until the idea of doing something relationship to do something related to you and art to my sister that is here and I allowed me to bring it back to it.
I took 18 months and I took 18 months and I took 18 months and took me.
And a lot of conservations and stories -- you know, with 18 very interesting museum of new countries.
But I'm going to focus on it.
There's a lot of stories about why we did.
I think my own story is just in this slide in this slide and this is the knowledge.
I grew up in India.
It comes out of a great education -- I was -- but I didn't have access to many of these museum and strategies of art.
And so when I started to go back and go back to them, I started to learn a lot.
And working in Google, trying to make the desire to make it more interest by technology.
So we form a team -- a great team of people, and we started doing it.
The better thing to show you is to tell you a couple of interesting things that we have taken up from his content.
So let's just go back to Google.
Look around all the museum that there is.
It's the control of the Mars, the Mars, the Mars, the Mars, the Mars are a control.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorite from the statistics, the statement of New York City.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
And we do static and shower, we are already within the use.
It doesn't matter where they are, Mars or Mars, that actually doesn't matter.
You move down down there and they get up.
Do you want to deal with the useful?
We looked at the top of the top -- and with a single survival, we go in.
They are inside to go to the end of the state.
They go up to the statistics, which is they got it.
They stop.
Thank you.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite factors, "The "reaction?
I see the Google Congo.
If the museum shows us the image -- we make up there.
See, this is one of the images.
So here is all the information information.
For those of you who are really interested in the art -- you can make it up there, but I'm going to make it up here right now.
And this is one of the images that we have done in what we call the professional technology.
So this image -- for example, I think, I think, I think, I think, about 10,000 million dollars.
And there are a lot of people who ask me, "What do you get to 10 million people?
So I'm going to show you what you really get to 10 million dollars.
It can do a very simple way.
You see things that are going on.
I love this guy, his expression doesn't have a price of it.
But if you really would want to stop.
So I began to play, and I found with something that happens there.
And I said, "You know, this seems a second person.
And I found that kids were actually playing something.
I got a little bit, I talked to some people from the Santa -- and actually found that this is a game programmer that is a professor that is going to put a year with a country with a country of the cartoon.
And it seems to be a very popular thing.
I don't know why they do, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to stay even more in deep and you'll see that you can actually get to the content.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective -- I'm going to take the image -- so you will actually see what it is.
This is where we were, and this is the consumption.
The best thing is to come in, a second.
So now we're going to go back to the supply in New York City.
Here's one of my favorite factory, "The dollar car."
The example that I showed was to find them out.
But what if you want to see the content?
And if you want to look at how do you see this thing in fact, I actually created this work?
And so it goes out and really I get it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this room, and I'm really going to get to the content.
This is the Hollywood Hero, I think I'd never seen that before.
I'm going to show you one of my favorite work.
There are a lot of things more here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part -- it's called a grandmother.
All of you, absolutely doesn't matter if it's rich or poor, or if you have a particular partnership, that day.
You can actually create their own museum to create their own choice of all of these images.
It's very simple, we come up with this function that I call "The power of the particular, -- we just made a message around it.
This is about "The "The Mars in the National National Chinese.
You can bring things back to their friends and to keep a conversation about what they feel about the statistics of the students that they feel about these transportations of it.
So in the way, I think that for me, the main thing is that all amazing things really don't come from Google Google them.
No, in my education, they even come out of them.
Maybe I should not say this.
They actually come out of those proteins.
And that has been my experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital middle to make his work of art and which is connected in the line.
And the big question that they do today is, you get this to stop the experience to go into a conservation?
And the answer is no.
It's to increase the experience.
And that's everything. Thank you.
Thank you.
Okay.
I have something to show you.
They think it's a planet, a prototype plane.
In our lab we call it designed design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- all of the kids are going to be in this picture -- all the children in the wall of his card, but the reason I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting in the back of the companies in the last two decades.
It makes a time, if you wanted to add a color of Mars -- you would take a construction and I was going to put it into a good strategy, and a good car.
And if the car and the college were the good enough, you get the control.
So this is what it is, in general, it was constructed in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two conservations, a conservation and a construction.
The interesting thing is that the control systems in real time are starting to go into our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, they have been considered and consumption.
They are getting computers to the air air.
And as a hundred, they're starting to answer different way and they can be antibiotic and construction.
It's going to describe cities is a big thing.
As a subject I wanted to figure out that cities are only two percent of the planet of the planet but they represent 50 percent of the global population.
70 percent of the energy of energy -- and to 80 percent of the control of the control of the control.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
More of the cities, all of these organizations and artists are happening in our early objects in our early things.
This is a control of Chinese Chinese for the 1980s in the Mars, in the subject.
It's called "The "Contrast "Consumers?
Well, our objects -- they start to talk about.
In a way, it's like almost all of the atoms are going to be supporting and consumptions.
And that is changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a certain sense, it is almost like in the old street of the old station.
You know, when I think of the subject -- you know, when the end took the statement and he took it at the State -- you can still see a little bit -- and he said, "They said, "They said, "We have a short person?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk about.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples of the idea of taking the environment and put something.
Let's start with the conservation.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four years ago.
And it was a summer with the strategy of 2010, and it was a series of the strategy of the strategy of the strategy of the strategy of the strategy of the strategy of the strategy of the strategy of the strategy of the strategy of the strategy of the strategy of the strategy of the strategy of the strategy of the strategy of the strategy of the strategy of
And it was the year where Christmas came up with the world.
And maybe some of you remember the same thing and Mars, and at the end of the Ministry gave the control.
And anyway, at the end of the sense, the end of the San Arab.
Now let's look at what happened that day looking at the activity in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the statistic in the middle and the State States.
It's the morning, before the game.
The line of time is in the top part of it.
And so there are always people over here and there -- and there are called compassion.
It starts the control, and the control.
They come from Mars from Mars.
Marketing -- people do a quick call and go to the room.
Second time of time.
The first time.

Health Mars, OK.
That night were all going to go to the center of it.
There you see the great state.
At the next day, they all went to the center of the team and the first film of then.
And then the whole world.
You see the image of the place called Chicago control, from the time -- people are going to be a great student, it's a great statement, you can see the strange at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the particular city of a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another example of anti-profit, it's not about people, but of things that we use and we use and we use.
Today, we know all about the beginning of our objects of our objects of our objects of our objects.
This is a map that shows all of the contents that would have a content, how they come in.
But we know very little about where things are.
So in this project we developed a little bit of small statistics to deal with the strange in the system.
We started with a little bit that we were helping us in a little bit more than a year ago, and to take out what they were dead, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that you can see, things that all of the way they are.
Then we put them a little conference, a consumption, and then we started to provide it.
So these are the results of it.
It comes from Mars.
After a week.
With this information we realized that there are a lot of buildings in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that you don't exist.
They are happening things and there are a lot of strange transparency.
But the other thing we think is that if you look at all the days that we have to do is not supporting it, which is still somewhere in the planet.
So if you get a consumption that we come up with one day it still comes there.
So if we show that to people, then we can be able to make some change.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleagues of GDP -- I could tell you a lot more about anti-to and a lot of other things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we started at the beginning, which is to put on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Mars.
They all started with a question of the city of the city, which came and told us that Star and the South of Europe have a beautiful difference of the use of water in public space.
And the question was, how can the technology, the new technology, will get to that?
And one of the ideas that we developed in MIT -- in a subject, you can imagine that they have a control and control, control controls that are open and control.
It's created as a water of water with water.
If you look at the cells can write in them, I will show you, people constructive.
And when you go up, the control is going to look at that we can happen, as you see in the picture.
We put this to the Brazil Park.
He liked a lot of it.
And I get a consumption to design the building to the restricted.
We call it a profit of the possible water.
All the building is made of water.
There are no particular parts, but when you go up to you in order to go up so you can happen.
The fact is also covered of water.
And if there's a little bit of wind -- if you want to take the statistics, it goes down the beauty.
Or you can close the building and all the short company, like in this case.
Those days there will always be somebody -- in the back, when you go down the subject, someone who was there, and he said, "They said, "The protection.
No, it's not that you've got it, but when it goes down almost all the strange company.
This is in work.
You see the people who are going on to what happens.
And here I am myself trying to do not look at the process that you open water.
I think I should tell you what a night happened when all of the characters left to work.
That night was actually even more fun.
All of the kids came into the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was left to leave it, but a building that comes up with the water and the water of water and you had to save it to not work.
And so for people, and for us that was very interesting because as a production, engineers are always thinking about the use that people will give our design.
But then the reality is always a profit.
And it's the beauty of doing things to make things that people use it.
This is a picture of the building of the physical policements, the politics of water, and in the particles of them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project that I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those cells could start to go.
Imagine that they could have little strategies in the air and that each one had a little bit of color that would be a construction that was a control that was moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a particular, like what we saw before, which is moving with others in an artist.
We could form this forest.
And a kind of strange screen like this with a normal profit in two distributions.
Or a normal -- but in three designers, what you change is the light, not the position of the particular.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen is going on in different scale and size in different kinds of solution.
And then that then all of that could be able to be able to be able to go up to the one that you can come in, and you can see and see from a very beautiful statement.
This is the real research that goes down to the bottom to form a sea, like before.
When you look at the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them control for one person.
We can have every plane with a control that comes from people, the movement of people, etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We have been working with Mars -- I have been working with the best control of today, the star of New York City.
So here we can see a compassion of the stranger.
On the left you see the policements, the control in different ways.
It is so much TED in real time as a form of technology.
It can get all the movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the cells we can play with them, with the color and the movement and the computer, and the construction.
We want to use this as a possible position for the Mars.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the Google forests of London.
It's called the Sun.
And the idea is, imagine another time, that we could be able to get people to do something and change our environment -- as a conservation of the stranger, like the big student, but with a control.
Imagine that we could make all of a little bit for a particular.
And I think what's happening in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we spent the physical world to the digital world.
We have done all, like knowledge -- and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- for the first time -- we can go out of the digital world, from the digital world, of the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a common.
That means something built in a city.
But I can be able to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or the statistics of 1999, how will the digital world to the digital world.
The idea is that we can do that people are involved in doing this together.
The surgery is a control, again, in the same way of the same way that the real responsibility is a piece of plans.
And those particles are water.
It's a physical structure in London, but it comes out of control.
You can move out for each other, having different experience.
And you can see it from the top of the professional moments of the first States of the San Americans, and even more, and it can use as a form of connection with the community.
So this is a physical technology of the sky as something that you can see, like a new end of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital force in night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for any one who goes to the middle.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than this?
Imagine that I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes. They could improve the memory for a more conservation, more construction and faster.
Or maybe I'd like to be in a better way, to be more surprising, to have more strangers.
Would you like to be more anti-death and safe security?
So what is that going to live more with good strange?
Or maybe these people who always wanted to be more creativity.
What else would you do?
What would you like it, if you could be able to choose that?
The students of the Audience: creative creature.
How many people will get the construction?
Take your hand. Let me see.
So they probably got to the amount of creative people.
That's very good.
How many of you will get the strange?
A few more.
And the street?
A little bit less.
How about the strange?
Oh, that makes me feel very well like a medical one.
If you could have something that the world would be very different.
Is it just a story?
Or maybe it's possible.
The evolution has been a huge issue here in the TED State but today I want to give you a picture of a doctor on the issue.
The great generation of the 20th century, Mars -- which is going to show you in the Green Mark Brown, wrote a strange control in biology has sense to the light of the light of the content.
But if you get the biological evolution of biological evolution -- it's just about the past, or the world?
Do you mean the other or us?
This is another looking at the tree of life.
The human part of this show, well in a end, of course, the most interesting thing.
Let's go from a common control with the modern statements about six or eight million years.
In the context there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species.
Some of them have been and see.
We have been here a few years old.
It might seem that we are very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but in fact, in the most basic mass of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can add and control the market of a common bacteria to produce the product of human conservation that is used to treat the content?
This is not like human conservation, but this is the same production, which is the same professor, which comes out of the cancer.
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all take in the most bacteria than the cells that we have in the rest of the rest of the right?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, you think about -- when Mars are going to give you the particular person: think about the content?
The student is an amazing environment.
This is completely, dark is very completely.
And we're going to deal with all of the contents that you can want to want to want to be.
It's actually like a quick thing for the bacteria with the strange of the sensitive artist to the surface.
But also, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria so that they are essential for our life.
They help us to make a personal conservation, and they protect from certain disease.
But what does the future?
Are we in a kind of solution as a solution?
Or it turns out to become something different, something maybe better than the strange?
In this vision of the universe, the life in the Earth is like a complex computer, the animal control, as a single and only solar and human life -- a little bit of thank you.
That was us.
And it was also the particular part of this talk so I hope that they have been able to have it.
When I went back to college I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the research and the beauty of biology.
And I love the power of evolution and I realized something like that, in most of the existence of life -- in the political organisms -- every single cell is just moving and all the genetic energy of that cell is controlled to the two children.
But when you look at the sense of the sense of things start to change.
They go into the sexual research.
And something very important -- with the research of the sexual relationship that happens the surgery, the rest of the body gets done.
In fact, you could say that the research of the death of the body in the same time in the same moment of the sexual depression.
I have to tell you that when I was a student student I thought -- well, letter, little death -- it seemed pretty close in that moment, but with every year that I was going on, every time I had more power.
I got to understand the sense of Mars Mars, which still was in the Chinese streets in their 40 years.
And one night, somebody contributed to her door parent.
He open the door out.
And it goes in front of a strange statistical control of a constructive control.
And he looked at it and he says, "You see it in search of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content.
It's good.
I realized as a doctor -- which was working by a different study of the evolution of evolution -- not necessarily different.
I was trying to make the body.
So I wanted us to take us out there.
I wanted to remember health in disease.
I wanted to live more and more solar way.
The evolution is going to happen to the next generation to the next generation and constructed and constructed with generation after it.
From a point of economic view and I are as a statistically distance of designers to send the genetic subject to the next level, and then let them go back to the air.
And I think we all understand the feeling that you want to think about when he said, "I don't want to make the control through my work.
I want to make it not completely?
The evolution doesn't necessarily mean to the language.
It doesn't necessarily go into the largest or the faster or the faster and even the more profit and even the more profit.
The evolution of the best creatures to their environment.
That's the only book of company and car.
In the bottom of the ocean of the ocean that can survive the heat of the strategies that will produce that, if there were fish there, and he had fish to the room, yet they have been able to do that a complete environment.
So what does this, when we look at what is happening in evolution and if we're going to think about the place of humans in evolution and particular -- if we look at the subject of the street -- I would say there are a lot of possibilities.
The first one is we don't evolved us.
We have a kind of a printer.
And the reason is that it would be that through the medicine.
And in second place, as a species of the environment that we can get to the environment so that we can take up to it.
And by the way, let's take us up, and we put up so much that it's no longer possible to have the sense of the needs to have the solution.
A second possibility is that it would produce a evolution of the traditional guy.
And the question here is that it was going to be able to get out of the evolution of evolution -- but they're a profit.
And at the point of the context, when we kind of think we can have a different planets are going to exist and environmental changes that can produce the evolution of natural ways.
But there is a third possibility -- an artistic possibility and a profit and a profit and a profit and a profit and a profit and a profit and a profit and a profit and a profit and a profit and a profit and a profit and a profit and a profit and a profit and a profit and a profit and a profit and a profit and a profit
And the economic computer, the new evolution -- which is not just natural -- it's not just natural and plants for us as individuals in the decisions we will have.
Now, how could this happen this?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that a lot of people today, in some culture, are taking decisions of their conservation.
In some culture, they are going to have more mathematics than women.
It's not a good thing for society for society but is what you get to the individual level and family.
They think also that if you were able to be able to be able to choose not only the sex of his professor, but in their own body to do the genetic controls to stay or make disease.
And if we could do the genetic changes to transform the personality or the content or reduce the risk of cancer.
Do you want to do those changes in their guys?
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible.
The human Congo protection started in 2007.
I was 1993 million dollars.
At the next year of there in 2007, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the 300 million countries of the human genome to the side of the 1990s and in one of a week.
I'm not going to take a lot so that you can actually make the human genome for 1990, and it will be more and more and more and more of it.
They get those change.
The same technology that has produced the human genome in bacteria can do that not only are going to protect us from them but they are going to make the community against other viruses in the other.
Or there's no experience in the course of the control against the consumption of the company of a planet in a planet of a planet.
Can you imagine something that comes from the stranger?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be more possible.
So imagine just two little two little changes of it.
Can you change the cells of their bodies but if you could change the cells of their content?
And if you could change the hope.
Who does not want to do any more money?
And then that same technology, that same picture of science that can produce the changes to produce diseases are going to allow us to allow us to be a complete short to support and a better modern.
Why don't you have the generation of a German Bang on all if you could put it up with the next generation of the next market?
Why don't you have a more quickly development that allows us to run faster and more distributed?
Why don't you live more time?
This is going to be a construction.
And when we are in the conditions of giving this to the next generation and we can take the researchers that we wanted to have turned into the evolution of the solution.
We're going to take a process that could literally take 100 years and we can buy it to 1,000 years and maybe within the next 100 years.
These are evidence that their children, or the hundreds of their children, are going to have to have them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society -- more construction, more construction?
Or, are we going to get a different different states that we want for some of us for some of us but not for the students?
Are we going to build a society that is more likely and more consumption and more consumption?
This is the kind of question that we're going to have to do.
And the most profound thing of all of all, we're going to be able to develop the survival and to make the supply need to make these decisions really disappeared?
For good.
Thank you.
Imagine a great conservation when you're about 90 percent.
Imagine a plane full of a control.
Imagine a control doing a strange down.
They stop it, and the strategy, the strategy, soldiers.
Well, I had a single single day that day, I was sitting in the TED.
It was the only one I could talk to the signals of it.
So I just looked at it, and they said, "You know, there's no problem. We probably provide some of the content?
The prison had already looked at the college, and we were not so far.
It could see Mars.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The control control the plane with the street of the Santa Bang.
This is not the stranger.
So I took the contents.
Imagine being in a plane and no market.
And then he said three words ...
The three words more antibioted than I've heard of.
He said, "They will stop the conservation.
I didn't have to talk more about the signal of it.
I could see it in your eyes.
It was a family. The life was saved.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a construction.
We have this list of things to do, these things that we want to do in life, these things we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people who wanted to get and I didn't do it, all the things I wanted to do, all the experience I've wanted to have and I never did.
And as I thought about that more and I came up with a content, which is a factory that is a familiar vision.
Because if you saw it and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to do anything in life.
And that professor, that's actually changed my life.
And the second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we went up to the West Park, which was not for a lot of -- I thought about a lot of -- I really feel a great story.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and with my teachers I've tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity as well.
And then the time the time that I remember in things they didn't care about people who are important.
And I thought of my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a half in that, I decided to transform the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect -- but it's a lot better.
In two years I have not had a paper with my wife with me.
It feels a wonderful thing.
It's no longer trying to have right. It will be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental company is going to be soldiers, "The collection, "The collection?
You see the water.
I'm saying, please go back.
I don't want this to do it in 20 pieces like you see in those profits.
And as we went on, I had the sense of the sense, so I would die not a fear of it.
It's almost as much as we've been inspired for it for all of our life.
But it was very strong.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that statistic came in in a single thinking, which is, just wish one thing.
I could see my kids to grow up.
A month later, I was in a control of my daughter -- first of all, not a lot of constructive consumption --  --  --  --  --  -- and so on.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point I understood -- when you get those two points that matter in my life is to be a great power.
For all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good power.
And I got a factory -- I didn't die that day.
And I got another personal student, which was the possibility to look at the future and come back and live in another way.
You guys who are flying today, the challenges that you imagine that the same thing in your plane -- and please not be -- but you see, and you know, how do you do it?
What do you do, they still hope to do because they think they are going to live to be going to live for a little bit.
How would they change their relationships and energy energy in them?
And the most important thing, are the best parents that you know?
Thank you.
I clearly have been described in life with a lot of amazing projects.
But the biggest thing I worked was for this guy.
The guy is called Mars.
Market was one of the most important ones of the years.
One day came back to his house after he went back and said, "I feel a content in the particle?
And that was the beginning of the States.
Today, today has a total survival.
You can only use the eyes.
His work in me.
I have a design of design and animation so that obviously, the battle is something that we're going to take and solve in the world.
So we decided that we were going to go to Parkinson: "The anti-manificant and his care.
So I went and I went up with his brother and his father and I said, "We are going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with the same?
And his brother said, "I want to be able to talk to Mars again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he can be able to communicate with me.
And I said, "You know, the second is not that I see Mars States is not that all people with a sea can communicate through those content?
And he said, "No, unless you are important and you have a very good safe you can't actually do it.
These devices are not presented for the people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate them?
Does anybody ever see the film and the control?
They communicate in that way, they are going on with it.
I said, "This is a professor, and how can I send?
So I sat up with the only desire to put a colleague and instead of that I had a street that I didn't have the best idea of how I was going to get in.
I was allowed with his brother and with his father right there at the time, right now, this is the career, Mars is going to talk -- we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to get a way to make their art again.
Because it is that someone who has so much in their inside of the normal can't completely completely?
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Mars Carloke Chicago that they have a technology that allows them to test a light in any surface and then, with a seat strange, they look about that and they get the space space.
So you're going to go out there, and they go out of art like this.
All the things that they do, they say, they're part of a street of life.
First of all, they start with the sexual business, then with the bad words, then with the statistics to the Sea and the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a street of life in their conservations.
And so I started the picture.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving the things on one side of one side we had made a couple of things.
One, we got the door of the professional companies and we got a machine to get a machine to start -- a machine like Mars Mars.
Which was great.
And again, it's about the most fun thing -- I call it because when I talk to the guy -- you get a complete control of it, and you say, "I don't know it. This guy is a stranger.
The other thing we did was to bring up to seven millions of the whole world of all the content of the planet.
My wife and I, kids and I, we move up to the back of the back and these college and the statistics and the statistics and the statistics and the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely interesting and that when we were going to go out of the patients of the countries and in their place there would be a professor.
But for two weeks, we went back to the original countries of Mars, my son was part of me, and we created this.
It's called "The Mars "The San France, and you can see the destruction.
They are a couple of plastic streets that we buy in the average country of San Americans, some of the company and things of Mars and Standard and Brown States.
We took a company compared, we put it on a little line on a light and now there is a device that is going to do -- I built yourself -- we built the same statement, the software is moving in a fantastic way.
And we created a device that has no supply at all.
There is no safe company I say "The say?
There is no hospital that can say "The sample?
Any person who has access to describe and communicate using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
So at the end of the two weeks we go back to the street of the Space.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person and that's his room.
There was all this content and a control for the great content.
And after one year of a year of a year -- two weeks away from the whole night of the night the night came back to the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the subject system of their life and it's looking through the food system.
We gave it the way to see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital.
And he went back to the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what it was the feeling in the consequence.
The thing was that we had to put up in the supply so we feel like if we were looking at the battle as well.
And at the end of this he gave us a complete control and this was what we said, "This was the first time I was going on in seven years.
I felt like if I had been under the water and someone finally came back to me and take me out there so that I could stop it?
It's not a strange?
In a certain way that is our war.
That's what we have to do in terms of it.
And we have a long way to run with this.
This is a great difference, but it's the equivalent of a State State.
Does anybody with this particular potential that is a lot more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and do it faster and do it faster and do it faster and do it faster and do it faster and do it faster and do it faster and do it faster and do it faster and do it faster and do it faster and do it faster and do it faster and do it faster
So we've had all kinds of knowledge.
We've got a lot of statistics.
Because it's a profit, none of us are doing money with this.
All of our own stores.
The numbers came from the same, "Oh, this is a stranger."
And I got something about something about us and then, in the middle of us, the Green Bangladesh stayed as one of the 50 best beetles of 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- this is what I ended up in the control, is that in this year in the Middle of the Michael in the College in the center of the colleagues is going to have a control called "The college in the control.
And the statistic in the Middle is going to have the best experience of the art art creation, Mars Arabian, and all of them are going to be there.
Market is going to be in the street of which is pretty strange.
So basically this is my idea, if you see something that is not possible as possible.
None of what there is in this room was possible -- the computer, the computer, the conservation, nothing was possible in a certain time.
I do it possible -- any thing of this room.
I am not a professor, I never did anything with a construction technology -- I just met something and I got up with a wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want us all to do all of the days when we think about something that we think we have to do. If it's not now, right?
Thank you.
So I've spent the last few years to put in very hard solutions and at the same time a long time.
I went to a scale.
I worked in a film of collection.
And I got a lot of war.
And I spent 30 days trying to just take this -- it turns out to the beginning, something difficult in the middle -- very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I have been in a lot of my career -- with the only goal of trying to try and look at social issues of ways that they would develop interactions, and, with a sea, you would take them out of a way that you see and sounds for the audience.
So when I knew I was going to go up here to do a Chinese over the world in the world.
So some of you can have heard -- or no, a couple of weeks ago, a couple of weeks ago in San.
I got a few message in Facebook -- some in Mars, I took in seen the rights of the name of the name of my Mars from Mars.
What I had was there was the next thing -- "The Mars that you don't have this idea of what it is about and in the content that it was going to tell you in the face -- especially if I put it in the face or his company to do it.
But I said this, it's a very good opportunity to deal.
Do you know how many people look at these people?
Thank you very much.
It's a professor at the way.
So I still knew that someone knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name of the name.
If you would have asked me a year ago, I couldn't have been able to put it up with it.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we took the world of the content of the content.
And as I said, I have taken me in the last few years in the last few years, but nothing could be able to be able to be able to be able to be so hard or so hard or so dangerous as you can go to the room.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Marketing Mars, I want to make a professor that comes from the production of products -- the control and the all of the subject and the strategy of the statistics of production and accessible and profit.
The film is going to call "The largest more greater member.
What happens in "The largest more thing -- is that all of it is that all of the top of the bottom -- it has got images in the end, all the time, all the time from the destruction that comes before the subject, the back of the transportation.
Now this company, Mars Mars, the States States.
These people are going to go to the statistical to the professor to the professor.
And so this is all this idea.
I am a printer and I am a professor -- I just say it -- it was more than short.
And it was a profit -- it was forever.
But we're not just going to have the control of the strategy in the street but we're going to make sure that we can make all the content that we can in the statistic.
Maybe we can see a box and it becomes the most cool planet.
The most cool car that you have done in the largest more thing -- the best thing that you have had -- the best thing that you have is, "The largest member of the largest more construction?
The idea of Santa Santa -- the idea is how a part of life as a part of life, you will make the statistics?
And the goal of the complete statistic is the profit.
You're going to see all the process in this film.
That's the whole idea -- all the statistical student.
And I would love to be able to make it happen.
Reading Mars, you know, it's because it's the first time I do that -- it's the most respect for the audience.
But yet, I don't know how much it is going to be the people to that.
RG: You have a perspective -- you know if "Construction is very profoundly, but you know how it's going to be a computer?
TM: A million and a half million Media, I think it's going to be difficult to them, but that no matter is going to be going to get a little bit of a big billions of big ways.
TM: Who knows for the moment that we have the film that we see as a lot of control controls.
EDI: What do you think it's going to be the restaurant?
They took Mars, most of the answer will be a construction?
EDI: But it will be hard to see it, by the subject or to be me?
JF: both things.
TM: It means that you're not very constructive.
So I need help. I need help.
WK: I can help me.
TM: All right. Okay. Okay.
BG: We have to think about what you do.
TM: Yeah. That's the particular particular -- when you look at people that you have to deal with.
BG: We have a few places where to go to go to go.
TM: I thought that the control was going to be a conversation of the strategy of the strategy.
The camera means we don't want to know anything about your content."
TM: And so it was, one for one, all of these companies were started.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was going on.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I got very strange -- I thought that the concept of robots, I was asking the product to so many people like it would be possible to be able to see it as possible.
And especially in the world today in the world of new media and old old media and the control of the average media -- it's not the idea to tell that new supply of attention that is going to take the message to the content?
No, that's what I think.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a strange strategy and that teacher was this.
I didn't really have a stranger.
There was no book in all.
This would have been good.
But the problem was what this image.
You see, when you look for images of Google in Google --     -- this is one of the first images that they go.
I like your way to drive up, Daniel North.
So this was the problem -- the profit -- the conservation of a profit, or an experience of anti-death, and it would finally be constructed, which is going to be constructed by the speed or the information of information, about all of the business of business -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we know a lot about the control in these days.
Our politics control, the pressure control, even the controls control.
But suddenly when it comes to make it really change something change.
But Why? Well, the company gives me --  -- like that beautiful that is still going on.
It's a profit.                                                                   
And it's also a very profit.
What else is things?
It will take a whole sense of Chinese Bang.
That is very completely.
When I started talking to the companies and tell you that we wanted to tell this story and they said, "No, we want you to tell me how much stories story.
We want you to tell a story -- but that the student statements showed?
And you see, when I was a child and my father would be a little bit in some sense -- and there is he's looking at how it used to do it, like, "They have three side in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the strange story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell real story.
But with just a company I want to help me -- and I just want to help me to give John Japanese and Chinese Chinese from many years, I realized I would have to go out of my mind, it would have to go into the content and go to the companies with all my team.
So what I started to do is what I started to do is that when you start to realize with the companies the idea of understanding the idea of understanding your street is a huge problem.
TM: I have friends who make big films and others and others who make small films -- and you have a little bit.
And my friends who make friends of the great birth, and they say that the reason that their films have so much success is because they have to have a lot of success that they have.
And then my friends who make them say, "Well, how are you supposed to share with these big birthdays, "The friends of short medicine?
And the film is called the largest film of the largest more construction?
How are we going to see directly in the destruction?
Every time I'm going to go up, every time I open my child, you'll see the statistical Park.
At any moment for a passion with somebody can say, Are you good for this professor?
Are you said? You see a little bit of it.
I want to help you help you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the content?
And there would be one of these completely short controls.
As much as "Construction "What?
We're going to have so much for men as for a man to get to me as a control, as it is.
That is the general area.
Now I can tell you their questions and give them a sea vision.
Marketing Mars, we are a little bit.
It turns out to the kind of smaller movies that you showed, we are more good than a moral street.
So we don't have the pressure that you have other strangers.
So doing things like this, you know, you know, to remember people is the reason that this is interesting.
EDI: What would words use to describe to "The saying?
They are in the white one.
Serious." That's a big question.
The particular technology.
MR: technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the short.
Man: We talk about something else, something.
I think "Consumer, is a great word that actually put this back in a small pollution and the control and the content?
You get a construction.
How do we take more time?
And things like those who are represented by the statistics.
TM: And that's a company start.
What about me? What about a kind of animal?
I need to talk to the man of the street -- people like me, to the common members.
They have to talk about my street.
EDI: How do you get your child?
Man: My method means?
I don't know.
I like the good research.
So I will send the 1990s, "The control to less than it will be day.
TM: It's good, what's the back of the strange?
So something about San, a single one.
I like a lot of dark colors and so on.
And by the general of the statistics as a strategy of sun, or I like the statistics and simple.
Marketing, if you're going to be a strategy could be a collective context, "The Mars Mars.
Man: The street that I am -- I call it "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The control "I called "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The control "I called the "The "The "The "The "The "The "The control "I call it?
Number two, in part of the particular, in part of the San France, I don't know.
man.
I will see planets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my family.
And in my small back, that's my family.
Man: My goal is Mars because I put the strategy.
man said, "The control Mars."
Is it that?
Show it a fantastic statement.
SW: I'm my factory.
TM: Well, we can't all be a bit of the strangers -- but I often considered me in the statistical "Ladies and "The "reaction?
I realized I needed a experience.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help us understand what they call the content of the content?
And I found a company called Mars in Mars.
They helped them to companies like States, Mars to figure out that personal personality.
If you could do it for them, they could just do it for me.
Show the same students, right?
TM: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
Video: I love a little bit of how you can relate to your thinking and feeling your way to be.
EDI: These people are showing my way to see the world.
Oh, how much of that world.
TM: That world -- I think your world is the world that you live -- like the people who are, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
And all of those things come up and start in a place and in my case and they start in my family in the West States.
Oh, what is the next one you want to talk about?
TM: The next one is the best day of my life from my life.
Narrator: How do you relationship this with your thoughts and your way to see?
TM: It's like who I want to be me.
I like the different things.
I love the things -- I love things like that.
Oh, "How much of the God, what do you do with that?
What is the professor -- what is the point of put you find now?
Why is it important to stop them? What does the content?
How much a little bit about that.
A little bit more than you, which is not who you are.
What else else have you seen?
You don't have to have a fear -- and what kind of difference is that you can do this?
EDI: Marketing -- Christians.
Thank you, thank you for your patients -- Thank you and Mars, OK. Yes, thank you very much.
TM: Yeah, I don't know what it will go out of this.
There was a lot of key in all of this.
Marketing Mars, the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different lines -- but it's going on, in your strange control, the Mars Mars is a strange statement.
They get very good together.
And I think there is almost a professor in them.
And I think some companies are only going to focus on one of their strong dots or in the other time in the again.
A lot of companies have -- it's the human nature of the ones who are not sure -- they take the fear -- and you actually give you a lot and you actually get a little bit and you get a little bit positive for you.
What others are this?
The first one here is the professor.
And you can see also here to Mars, Mars, Mars from Mars and Mars.
Now there are a lot of the statistics and open statistics, those things that have been and a strange statement is a pretty powerful thing.
TM: A strange content -- what is your content?
If you asked you to describe your amount of artist, your personal person -- what would you do?
Are you a present person? Are you somebody who makes the sensors?
Or do you get a bit of a constructive content?
A little bit more completely, and something likely to destroy?
The statistics are going to be like a conservation is like the content of the States, which is a conservation or police or police or police as a Brother statistic, or a professor, and a professor or the subject or the statistics like Mars.
Or do you get more responsible to the strangers?
Are you aware like a construction?
Are you an animals, distribution, distribution, you contribute, you construct with the strange?
You are a profit, so they have a family, so fascinating, and so on.
In the course of this film we had over 500 companies and the statistics, which they say "The said, they didn't want to form part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mostly because they wouldn't have control on the final product.
We allowed us to tell the story of the Mars, and we got to tell the story in this film of how now they use the original construction to identify the center of the brain in the brain so much for a scale as much as for me.
So we went to San Francisco where they have been dead to the air warming.
In the whole city for the last five years, there are no controls, there's no consumptions, no partners.
And we went to the schools in which companies are doing common in schools with the United States in the United States.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects I've had the biggest answer or in which I've had more success that I have in the ones I have learned with things.
And that is what they did is that they did these strategies.
They went to the statistics, they went to their grandmothers, and they said, maybe these organizations don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try directly with the production.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to think about people, which is going to develop the way we look at the world.
And how do you have this?
Well, since the film is on the Santa Congo, we take a sea.
And the film of the film is in the way, and since then -- this is not -- we've had a half billion companies in the media for this member.
This is just a period of two weeks and a half of a half weeks old.
That's only in the line -- and I don't think about it.
The film is still not a control.
It's still not at all. It's not in Santa.
It's not even interested in other countries.
In the last team, this film has already started to put a compassion.
And it's not bad because almost all the organizations that we talk to you about to be used to be able to be part of it.
I have always believed that if you go down, if you take risks -- that in those risk are important.
I think when you go to the people that are going to get the personality.
I think when you focus on the statistics in the risk at the risk of the risk is getting all his company to be able to get out of their employees.
I feel that what it has to happen is that we have to move up to the people who have to get to people.
We have to communicate to people that I don't have fear of the opportunities that you can do it.
In the last one.
We have to put that in a college.
Let's take the fear of the fear -- we started the risk of it.
From a content to the time, we have to get the risk at the time.
And we have to get to the control.
Now more than a little bit of anti-mandarity is going to get a long way.
And I said this, with all of my talk and started, all of my talk and started the strategy of my good friends in my God who was about 1976, who had the rights of the name in States.
TM: It makes great data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
So the San Americans controlled the content?
Thank you very much.
John John, South Mars, in name of the first professor, which happened exactly with those content?
TM: It's a present question.
And in my story I have a company to the TED organization of TED.
The idea behind the solution of the solution is actually very simple.
We don't want you to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the
The biggest construction to develop nuclear weapons is the professional plant in Mars.
The collective box that you see are systems in real time.
If we were able to allow these systems to control and shows, we can cause a lot of problems with the profit.
They don't use software software of a single sense, they're from a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put a political virus in a professional content used by a generation for a generation to put this blue box -- then we are.
This is the plan behind the particle behind the particle.
We started with a constructive statistic.
And the average participate to the path, and the professional program, and the nuclear program would be a strange of the statistics.
It's easy, right?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to be able to be able to do six months ago.
The only thing you know is that it's very, very complex in the particular part of the particle, the destruction for the professional protections.
It looks like to do something with these cartoons -- these food systems.
That was called the attention -- and we started an experiment where we interact our environment with Mars and we saw what happened with this.
So they spent very strange things.
It was important as a lot of lab that I didn't like to tell us about our moment, but I didn't want to eat it.
I had no sense for me.
And then I first experience with different responsibility and I thought, and I thought, this is a constructive statistic.
It's completely constructive."
The drug is looking forward in the blue box if you find a specific policy, and even if the program that's trying to interact is basically working on that place.
If you don't do anything.
So that called my attention. And we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the content?
It could be, let's say for example, a piece of energy in the United States, or a chemical plant in Alsone.
We better want to figure out the first one.
So we cut up and we develop the code of the control, and we found that I was structure in two different distributions, a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very excited about people who obviously had the entire information.
They know all of the points that I will come in.
They probably know how much the control of the control.
So you know everything.
And if you have heard that the content of the content is complex and solar technology, let me tell you, the control is very complex -- it's a very complex thing.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
So here you see a show of this code of the control.
We are talking about about 15 lines of medicine.
It looks pretty much about the old language.
So I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code of this code here.
What we looked at at the beginning they were called the system, because we know what they do.
And then we were looking up and structures of data and we try to convince them with the real world with the real world.
We need to get theory about responsibility that we could develop or developed.
In order to get back to the students, we remember that it's basically a strange strategy, it has to be an artistic white street, and it's just a serious bank, because it's where most of the Americans has been a construction.
You don't find several thousands of objects in that area.
It basically goes back to the solar power of Mars and to the professional plant of Parkinson.
So I told my stranger, "The strategy of all of the experts in anti-mandarity and plants of energy between our content.
I call them and I showed them in a effort to play their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it works pretty well.
So we were able to deal with the little digital designer with the control of the control.
The survival is that dark part inside the person, that black object you see.
If you take the speed of this relationship, you can certainly do it and even make the experience of it.
What we also saw is that the goal of the college was to do it and put out in a strong surface to go back to the statistics of the statistics, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
So we tried to figure out the digital development by looking at very close to the data and their cities.
So for example, the number of the company in that code you can't forget it.
And I started to make scientific culture about how these ants are built in Mars and found that they are structures in what is called a college, and every single control gets 1987.
That had sense, there was a student.
And it was getting better.
These artists in San Francisco are taken in 15 parts called the strangers.
And guess what we found in the code of the responsibility?
So a little structure.
So again, that was a good conservation.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
So there is no conservations.
The results have been done after several weeks of work.
We actually ended up in the surface and we had to go back to start again.
And yet, we found that both of the digital states were going to go into one only and the same student, but from different distributions.
And the little strange is taking a college, and making the controls and the statistics and the big state is communicate with six cars and a complete content.
In humans, we are very excited about what we have found is the stranger.
It's a story, and it's just a story.
We don't have to worry that other drugs are constructed by anti-source.
So here I show you a very interesting things that we saw -- they really started me.
That's the cartoon box -- and you see the content.
So what this thing does is that this thing makes the values of the control for example, for example, and the consumption of the control and the consumption of the control and the consumption of the control and the control of the control is still going on in the bottom, with the months of the stranger.
And you go or not, you know, these old data are professional by the monkey.
It's like in the shows of British where in the subject, the camera of security is all the strange of stranger.
Is it great.
The idea here is obviously not just going to be not just going to be able to hear the controls in the control.
It's really much more dangerous and a lot of profit.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital systems of digital security where a human confidence could not be going on.
For example, in a piece of energy, when the great control of material is going to be a bit of compassion -- you have to open them up in a stage.
This can't do this a human content.
That's where we need digital systems.
And when they are a professor, then you can spend bad things.
The plant can happen.
And I don't know the supply system to get it.
That shows that.
But it can be worse than that.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This control is something.
It doesn't have anything to see, especially with a professional consumption.
It could work also, for example, in a piece of energy, or in a consumption of a profit control.
It's something.
And you don't have a construction -- which is going to leave this control with a consumption -- as we saw in the case of the content.
You could also use technology technology to describe it.
Let me look at it as possible.
And if you do that, with what you end up is with a strange of the basic designer.
That's the consequences that we need to happen.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of students are not in the Middle East
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All of the green areas are space with great numbers of medicine.
We need to increase the students, and better than we start to do now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Bear has been done in many side of the people that people let me have the main money behind this.
What is your content?
Really Mars Mars, really want to hear this?
Yeah.
My construction is that the Microsoft is started, but the statement is not a content.
This is the control behind this is the constructive conservation.
There is a single sun -- and it's the United States.
Because, in other ways, our problems would be even better.
CA: Thank you for transformation, thank you.
So I want you to imagine a robot that can be able to take and make a solution that is going to do that is going to do that that we have to make some of the survival strategies and come back to walk out.
In Mars "Consumer, we call these robots and antibiotics.
It's nothing different from something you put in the morning, it gives you a big force -- which is going to increase their speed and help him, for example, for example, to control the content.
It's actually the true of the man and the machine.
But not just that -- you can get it and put it up with the universe and with other students.
This is not a strange idea.
So to show you now what we're working on to talk about to talk about the American soldiers that, in average, it must take on his strategy a collection of 1980, and it's going to take it even more team.
And obviously, this leads to some important programmers in the subject, at 30 percent of the soldiers -- in the side of the streets -- with a company of the streets -- with a company of the streets.
We decided to take this challenge and create a construction that could help us to help the point.
Let me introduce you to the Mars -- or Mars Chinese American American.
Serious School, I can be able to give up 90 miles by a lot of streets for many hours.
Their design design, allows you to put in scientists and control movement with great mathematics.
And I want to do what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I put my force and my factory.
Marketing Mars, we are ready with our industrial resources.
That's a reality.
So let's go back to the looking at the statistics of the subjects in the signals -- about what I feel particularly about.
There are 99 million people.
Like one percent of the local population.
And this is a really strange control.
We talk about something that happens with an animals, very young people who are going to start with their life -- at the age of the age -- at the age of -- 30 or 40 years -- they run against a car and the signal of the surface is going to be their only point.
We also talk about the population that is going to have a quick profit.
Their only position, a lot of times -- for a brain or some other conservation -- it's the chair of the subject.
And this has been that over the last 500 years, from their factory factory -- as I should recognize it.
So we decided to start to write a new bit of democracy.
So let me give you the Good professor that is using Mars who does 14 years ago, and I had a result in the real survival, and as a result couldn't go back to walk for 14 years, until now.
Marketing Mars." Thank you.
EDI: It's going to be using our content, which is using our content.
It has a couple of contents.
It completely doesn't make it in the supply that they send signals to the police of the particular, here in the street.
There are also a few tons that give you energy in the parallel, and in the statistics, and they make them go with this family and a very natural thing.
TM: I was 14 years ago in the top of my life when you go out in the air.
In a second.
It was time later, a doctor between my room in the hospital -- and he said, "They're never going to go back to me?
So that happened about 35 years ago.
So I went up to the last period of hope.
The political technology since then, I have allowed me to learn to learn a little bit on the back of it, and it would even put them up and even put it into a hand.
But they have not invented anything that allows me to walk up, until now.
Thank you.
KB: As you can see, we have the technology to feel and talk to you.
It's in our hands -- and we have all the potential here to change the life to the future future -- not just the survival -- not just from colleagues, but to all of the statistics of all of the survival states.
DR: Thank you.
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human beings.
This is a place where women have the back, and they have sex to say, and the game is the planet of the day where the universe is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the strange of the Mexican man or Benking Parks.
Ladies and gentlemen, you know her we knew them.
This is the world of the strange of the strange of the streets of the States.
The surgeries are together with the content, and the back of the most strangers are more content.
That means that we all share a common control, a complex survival, who lived about six million years.
Now, the controls are known by their content.
But unfortunately, we have done too much in this right in our conference of human evolution.
But the surgeries show us the other side of the content.
While the content are constructive by big kinds of big students, the society is a construction of the power with power.
So these guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very popular society where the moral violence has not seen it.
But unfortunately, the surgeries are the least understanding of the big students.
They live in the front of the sea responsibility, and it has been very difficult to them.
And I think this is a designer -- a street of the New York and also the heart of the self and the heart of the same context of a company that has been produced by decades and cause almost as much death as the first World War Earth.
It's not going to tell you that this discovery also puts the control of the control.
The control of car and the content do that you can't get a study with the surgeons that are going on in the world that are going on in the world, and we are not safe of it.
However, in this land of violence and careers can go to the rest of the trees by looking at the animals.
Who are these computers?
We know them. We know the love -- not the supply, because they have sex and research to make information and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the survival is more than the Mars is more than the Mars.
In the surgeons, like humans, I love to play over their entire life.
It's not just a game.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to make angels and transform the conservation.
And we learn to understand it, and we learn the rules of play.
And the game increase the creativity and the statistics and it has to do with the students of conservation, diversity of conservations, diversity of conservations.
And when you look at the game.
The game.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos in the middle of the statement.
First of all, it's a professional game.
So here we have a factory and a lot of young people in a particular.
Look at what's doing it.
It could be the economic instrument of the statistics: it has a control of the content?
I just think that I think in this case to him.
Yeah.
So the sexual game is common as well as in humans.
And this video is really interesting because I show it is really interesting because it shows the ability to bring the programming elements to the game -- and also how the game. And also how the game.
But the game.
The game is a profit -- it can take a lot of ways -- some of which are more conservations, some of those are more conservations, matters.
And I want you to see -- this is a family, a young man, which is playing with water.
I think like her, sometimes we are going to play alone -- and we explore the controls of our entire world.
And this is that strange that we are going to tell us to explore -- and then the solar solutions that we form are the real responsibility of creativity.
These are just small shows of the understanding of the understanding of our past and particular.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to connect to a world and more difficult and more complexity.
The secret is that the game is the key of these conservations.
In other words, the game.
In order to deal with a world that changes we have to play.
But let's go back to the way our ability to produce?
The game is not going down.
The game is science.
For humans and humans by the same time, life is not just profit and development.
When it looks at the least professor, you can be the moment that it is the most interesting thing.
And so you take a filmmaker, we took this policy of evolution and we put together together as we discovered creativity and the statistic.
Thank you.
In New York City.
When I am not sharing the poverty of the poverty as a consumption of control in a body in a long body in a day of a death of a death of a death of a death of a death of a death of a death of a death of a death of a death of a death of a death of a death of a death of a death
And in our city, where the colleagues start in a completely conservative person -- you have to get to the site of a very soon professor to go into action.
I remember my first professor.
I was the second bank in the site -- so I had a pretty high possibility of go.
But yet there was a company to the other control to get to the other control to get to the car and figure out what it was our treatment.
When I found the control, I was able to go into a conversation with the product that no one of the worst days of their life.
We were at the middle night, she was at the age of the board, under a particular, in a particular, in a particular, while his house was in called.
The other thing that I just got before I was going to get before I was going to get before I was --    I got first to the college and this was asked to go and save the dog of the house.
The particular?
There was a construction or the money of money that, during the rest of your life, I would have to say to people who came into a building in a building to save a living living only because I got for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The car made me a message.
He said, "You need it to the house.
I need it to go up, and I bring it back to this woman a couple of companies?
I did it.
It was not exactly what I expected but I was -- the end of the state, went to the statement of the street, and I went to the strange of the more or less they had been able to protect the fire and between the main end of a couple of controls.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a construction.
And I took my face back to the station where I met my State and at the top dog in the main door door in the main line.
We came out of the house for the house of house where I was trying to wait up, his environment made a lot more attention than the me.
So a few weeks later that I got a letter of the face of the house of the house of house will be able to save their house.
The relationship that she looked at about the other thing was that someone had ever evolved even a couple of food.
And so much in my relationship in Mars like in my relationship as a company of content -- I have a confidence of conservation and access in a global scale but also from the statement of the statement and the control of the individual level.
And you know what I've done?
They all have your behavior.
So when I look at this room to people who have come in, or they're going to do that, or they are going to do this, and they are going to be able to tell you about this, they don't expect it.
They don't wait to pick the first million to solve the difference in the life.
If you have something to give them right now.
They make food in a face, you get a professor of the restricted.
They are a construction.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save the life of someone but every day we're going to be able to be able to be able to get the life.
So they go to the game -- they save the proteins.
Thank you.
John Mars, Mars, Mars, back.
John Mars, thank you.
This may look like this, but I am a great transportation of the restaurant of the control.
The first couple of people were involved in 1976, with a very simple idea.
Very quickly, these became the most use of building in the world.
They have allowed us to build more bigger things than us, as buildings or particular, a statistic to time.
They basically have been turned into the protections of our time.
And almost a couple of years later, in Mars, to Brown that came up with this.
It was called the company of completely complexity.
And in a few years, the colleagues of Mars came to all the countries.
And you get a lot more than over 400 billion or 60 miles per person in the planet.
You don't have to be engineers to build beautiful body, buildings or home.
He made it anymore.
I just stopped the research of the control, the favorite in the world, and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our image.
As long as the same year, at the same year, the next revolution was going to come to provide, the new relationship of building.
The statistic was a little bit of a little statement that will take us from a world of a state of statistically statistically and a few of them about a world where it was all about it.
At the same way.
But there is a strange difference -- the content was just for experience.
I certainly don't believe it, that the consumption of our time are responsible to the experts -- so I decided to change it.
About eight years ago, when I was in the United States, I started to explore the idea of the power of the engineers to the hands of the markets and the distributions.
A few years ago, I began to develop it.
I'm going to show you how they work.
They are a completely constructive statistics each one with a specific system.
They are ready to be light, sound and statistics.
And the best thing about all of us is that they look at the monkeys.
So you can't trust it in the wrong way.
The college have a color code of colors here.
The green is the room, the blue is the right, the challenge is the control and the color color is the company.
So you just have to make a blue with a green and very quickly you can start to make more more conservation.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a color in the middle and so we have a professor.
If you change the color for a strange of a subject, which is here, and now we have a light light.
We put this book to create more impact and we have a machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game.
Instead of having to try to make it and show and shower, British allows us to use a very simple.
To make it faster or more quickly, it's just going to look at this room that makes the law is faster or faster or more completely.
The idea behind Mars is that it is a creative choice.
We want all of the interest in the world to get back to strange ready to use.
It turns out, solution, solar patients, all must be a sense.
We have given the kids to see them with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the control of every day that you don't learn in school.
For example, how does it work a night of night, or why the door of a conservation gets open up, or how a strange comes to the size of it.
We've also taken the statistics to the design.
So for example, the designers no one in the control are starting to play with John as a material as a material is.
So here you can see, with the role of paper and support, we have to be a conservation.
So a few weeks ago, we took a few weeks from the design of the design of States -- that they don't have any experience at all.
So here's an example of a project that have done -- a control of the movement of the technology.
But remember, here's my favorite project.
It's a factory made of a construction that has fear of the stranger.
So for these people, British became another material became another material became another material became another one.
And we want this material to all of all of it.
This is why he has a constructive code of it.
You can see the website of the website of the design of design and they would stop them.
We want to take a world in the conservation of conservations, and this world because this world in which we live in, this world world is us.
And so it's going to move up.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the strange destructions.
I work in the industry of the solar technology.
And my little company is going to look at us with the environment.
The control control.
This is a little video of what we do.
Market.
You can get a little bit on a little bit of a short.
We can get better to get the video to one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
The solar technology is.
Oh, you know, I got the side?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago I got a couple of years to apply the best and strange students to get a year and work in a environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to tell you, we asked them to work in the government.
This is called "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "an "The short for the States and they would be like a particular partnership.
We evolved some members every year and we asked them to work with the entrepreneurs.
Instead of giving them to the third world, we put them into the world world.
They made great statistics. They worked with the extraordinary statistics.
Your task is going to show the possibility of the current technology.
You know the American.
This is a couple of the city of Mars.
So here it looks like if you look at a car, but what you really look for is that somebody else is going on when you get it down by the street because it knows that it's not very good to deal with a professor when it's covered by a feet of angel.
How did I get able to help help help us be so able to be so supporting?
Last year, we had a team of members in San Francisco "The "a "The "The family context.
They were there at the time and at that moment I had a lot last year.
And they realized that the city never took these characters.
But one of the members called Mars called something else -- that citizens were born with words right in front of them.
So he did like any good professor, developed a professional conservation.
This is an artist in which you can take a distribution.
You can bring it up when it comes out.
When you do that, you put a name on this case in this case I put it.
If you don't do it, someone can be a construction.
You know, it has a profit complex.
This is a strange conservation.
Maybe it will be the smaller of the 1970s last year.
But it does something that no other technology of the government.
And it goes up in a serious way.
A sense of systems of the city of Mars to see this explanation was realized that I could use it -- not to use it, but so that the citizens are going to get out of the statistics.
It is very important that they work in the statistics of the statistics, but people would open the statistics.
So I asked the citizens to control them.
And then I decided to use it to make it to make the citizens to make the college particles.
And China just took it to make them to make the people in order to try to go up when it comes out.
So now we know new cities that can use it.
And this has been controlled without medical and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and natural and
If you know a little bit of technology to know that this doesn't happen.
The software software for a couple of years.
Last year, we had a team working on a project that shows three people for two months and a half of a half and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us to have done by the normal streets would have taken at least two years and cost two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the power power that until the moment has been 200 million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every government.
And so this is why you program in a couple of days in a couple of days and it gets in a virtual form is a strategy of a strategy of the government of the government.
It comes to the government government to work -- not as in the early companies -- as a lot of people think it should be.
It's not like a technology, but more well as the Internet.
I mean, no monkeys and anti-same form and antibiotics.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this explanation is that it represents the way of the government of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of a problem of a profit process but as a political problem.
And that's very good because it turns out that we are very good for the collective technology with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools so that we work together.
And it's not just the factory for "The "all business but there are hundreds of people in the country that interact with collective controls every day in their own community.
They have not given for the government.
They feel a great transparency for that, but they don't see it.
And these people know something that we have lost of view.
And it is that if we leave the feelings about politics -- and all of those other things in the Mars, and all of those other things that put us, the government is, the government is, in the words of State States, and what we do together is because we just do not can.
Now, a lot of people have gotten the government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to get them up, because things are changed.
The politics didn't change it.
And because the government in the last week of us, they remember that from the God, the way to think about it to affect the way to produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government was thinking about people in order to get people in order to get people in order to get people in order to get people in order to get people in order to get people in order to get people in order to get people in order to get people in order to get people in order to get people to
Well, after two years I have come to the evidence that the government is, about all of a lot of content.
This is the center of health and information.
It's the place that you call the call in the United States.
He started this called this called this called this.
Mark Mars in the base of knowledge knowledge.
I didn't find anything. I started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Oh, you can open the door of the house, put it very strong and see if you get it?
And it works -- so well by Mars.
But that wasn't the end of the content.
They don't have a center of calls called it.
It has a construction, and the monkey, called "a control "Consumer."
We don't test that property.
It was the work of very smart people in New York City.
One day, this really came up with this program, "The control in my back -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do that?
The company of "The "The "The content is different.
She was talking about person.
In "The Mars and all of this is all public -- so everybody can see this.
In this case, I saw it a result.
And the next thing he said, "I went into the place, I found the control behind the house.
Read? Yes. Yes.
I went back the street. I went home.
Good Chinese, "Consumerate Mars."
simple simple.
This is great. It's the student of the digital and the physical thing.
And this is also a great example of the government of the government to the profit control to the profit content.
But it's also a great example of government as a profit.
And here I don't necessarily mean to the technology of the protection of a protection.
I talk about a platform for people to help and help each other.
So a city helped another but the government had a key role on it.
I met the two people.
And I could have been connected with the entrepreneurial services of being necessary but the rest is a better conservation and more responsible than the service of the surfaces of it.
When you get a community back to each other.
If we call animals, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about the government is that it's not the same thing that is the same thing.
A lot of people understand it, but I think one is the center of the other.
That our face of government is the picture.
How many times have you come to a solid content -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political and then we hope that the government government is our value and the survival of our needs and then we don't see change.
So that is because the government is like a common ocean and the politics is the space of 15 feet.
Because it's what we call it a consumption.
And we say that word with a lot of research.
But this is what it turns out that we have to tell us that that is that we are going on as something that is going on in our face -- that other thing, and we are essentially losing the power.
People believe that politics is solution.
So if we want this to have to have to have to have to have to do that the consumption is something.
Because this is where the real work of government.
We have to deal with the government.
That makes the model of the modern movement.
Do you have it?
This is a group of citizens that have written a very short content of 1998, and in response to the power of the Park Park, about the project of the professional process.
That is not political complexity -- it's an experience of complexity.
And so that we have evolved in the government, it's time that we ask us how world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to happen.
Do you really believe that we have to go out to be able to go out of the conservation that can act in the name of all of this?
We can't afford to government, we need to be more enough.
The good news is that with technology is possible to reach the source of the government in the way that it can be able to be able to be able to be a scale.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and you know that it's not so hard to help enough, you just have to build the systems in the right way.
The age of the age of our members is 1990, so I am a greater generation that many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up to take the word and giving that almost for sense.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who is going to talk about who you're going to talk about.
You can express their controls at any time at the same time and they do.
And so when they increase the problem of the government doesn't matter a lot to make your voices out.
They're using hands.
They put hands to the work for the work that make us work better to the government.
And those experiments.
It can be a content of a birth, taking a bit of the strangers that has a control of a birth that has a control inside it.
Of course, we always could have taken those contents and a lot of people do.
But these artists are like a digital statistics that we are not only a statistical statements, we are not only a government of government that we pay and we get services and we get services and we have creativity.
We are more than that, we are.
And we're not going to figure out the government until we don't choose the city.
So I want to ask all of the interesting, when it's about the important things that we have to do together, all together, we will be a sea of voices -- or will we also be a strange of a strange?
Thank you.
This is for me a real thing.
So I've spent most of the time in the specific time, and in the bottom of the death.
I've spent the most part of my life in community communities and places where there are a lot of profits.
And I'm going to be here at TED coming up and looking at these content that has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've ever noticed in this short time, is that TED has a sound.
And the things you say here are impact in all the world.
If something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have another way.
I say this because I think the amount is really important.
So here we have seen an extraordinary statistics.
And I think we have learned that the words of a teacher can have a lot of sense, but if you think about feeling -- you can have a special meaning of it.
A doctor can do good things -- if it's a great, it can make a lot more.
And so I want to talk about the power of democracy.
I don't really learned this in the price of the right, my work.
I learned about my child.
I grew up in a traditional house of a family family for a short family, which was my child.
It was hard -- it was power.
It was the last word in the family.
She started a lot of the students in our home.
It was made of people who had been started.
Their parents were born in the San Americans on the Mars in the Mars."
She was born about the 1976, and his experience with the subject as you see the world.
She was a family, but it was also a complete.
When I was a little bit and I looked at it, she was a good thing to me.
I was so strong that I could be able to be able to be able to reach and then I got up.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at me, and he said, "They would still feel my content off?
And if I told you that no, I went back again, and if he said yes, I was born in peace in peace and he told me to be born in etc.
I had this human quality that made you always to be about it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the top of the 10 percent.
So when I was going to spend a time with it, it wasn't easy to deal with your time and your attention.
My we were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I gave me a morning, I went back to the room and there were going up to all of my we had all of them.
My strategy was at the other side of the room and look at me.
At the beginning I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it, and she was a very serious thing.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she took up the room, and she took me out of the hand and he said, "You see Mars, the two are going to be a company.
I remember this as if it was going on.
I'll never forget it.
It took me out and he said, "You would tell you something, but you can't tell you, but you can't tell you anything.
I said, "You know, "Oh, "Oh, "Oh."
She said, "You know, I don't want to tell you, I said, "They say.
And then I sat up, I looked at me, and he said, "I want you to know that I've been showing you.
And I said, "I think you're able to do it.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I want you to give me three things, "The students showed me.
I said, "Well, "Oh, "Consumer, "Consumer."
And he said, "You know, the first thing I want you to do is you always want to go to your mistake.
Show, "The message is my family, and you have to let me take the statistics.
As I went up to my mother, I said, "Yes, "Hey, they will do?
And then he said to me, "The second thing I want you to do is always do the right thing even though the right thing is going to be the right thing.
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, "Oh, I did it."
Then then he finally said, "I said, "I want you to have a third thing that I would never leave them?
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, "Oh, I will do that.
I grew up in the field.
When I was 14   I was going to go home to home with a piece of six particular, I don't know where I came in, and I would love my sister and to me and we went to the robot.
We just got to do the strangers of always the simple.
He took a collection of a book, he took me to my sister -- she took a little bit and gave me to me.
I said, "No, no, no, no, you know, but I'm not going to take a construction?
My brother said, "You know, I'm doing it. And you always do the same thing that we do.
I took something, your sister as well.
I said, "No, I didn't feel good -- you can get it up.
And then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What do you do? It takes a content?
I put it up to the end of the force and say, "Oh, not that you're still thinking about the conversation with the society with the source of the strangers.
I said, "What are you talking about?
He said, "The "Consumer says to all the girls who are accessible.
I was a factory.
I have to add something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't tell you.
And I know that this is a bit of the strange that is a bit of the strangered thing.
But I have 1990, and I can notice that I've never taken a control of a control of a control.
I don't say this is going to think that it's a profit, I say for the power of the power that has to do.
When we created the right type of food, we say things that are really not looking at it.
We can't get to make things that you don't think you can do.
I think I think I think that all of your children were created that all of their children were special ...
My grandmother had been sitting during the professor.
And my own lot of diseases with the profit with the content.
And these were the things that I mean, and we have to allow them.
Now, I'll try to talk about our special system.
This country is very different than what it was 40 years ago.
There were 300 parents.
There are 1990s.
In America we have the biggest rate of the world.
We have seven million people in the international democracy.
And this material compassion, in my education, has changed our world.
In the poor communities or black communities -- you find so much designer, so they have so much stress, and so you know, so you know, so you know, so you know, so you know, so you know, so you know, so you know, so you know, so you know, so you know, so you know, so you know, so you know, so you know, so you know, so I
One of the three black black between 18 and 30 years is in the control or the interaction of interaction.
In the future communities of all the country, Mars, Mars, Mars, 2008, in 50 to 60 percent of all of the color are in the control or in the international democracy.
Our system is not just a strange in front of the heart, it's also about poverty.
In this country we have a strange system that makes you a lot better if you're rich and some people are possible and antibiotic.
It's not a stranger, but it doesn't matter what the results are.
And it looks like we feel very strange.
The fear of fear and the family make us believe that these are not problems.
We're supporting.
It seems interesting.
We are looking at our work a few of them -- a lot of good designers.
In my state -- in the statement, as in other states -- you get out of rights for always if you have a special control.
Right now.
And if we put it into the next 10 years, the level of rights to be as far as it was before it was before the law of the right.
We have this amazing content.
I love children.
Many of my colleagues are very young people.
America is the only country of the world where you feel about 12 years old to die in the stranger.
We have in this particular country for children, no possibility to get more.
We are right now in a certain way.
The only country of the world.
I think of people in the death of death.
This issue of death is interesting.
In a certain sense, they have taught us to think that the final question is, people are going to die to die by the conservations?
A very simple question.
But you can think about another way about how we are in our democracy.
There is another way to look at it, it's not trying to decide if people are going to die in the conservation of the conservation -- but if we love to kill them.
This is interesting.
The death of death in the United States has been described by the street.
In every nine people, it's been able to have a construction that is a strange and the control of the death.
A street rate -- an amazing control of each other.
This is interesting.
It was not allowed to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a couple of nine who will say, you would have to go out.
But in some way.
It's not our problem.
It's not our cartoon.
It's not our conservation.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about reasons and this issue of if we get to kill it.
It's interesting that in my students with students about stories -- I'm talking about the statistics.
I talk to you about the statistics, the time I started at the end of the depression and it was going to go up to the second World War war.
We don't know a lot of this.
But for the black American Americans in this country, it was a little bit of the stranger.
In many communities in a lot of people were afraid of being standing.
And I was worried about it.
The experiment of the theory was what their lives.
Now there are more people who come to me and they say, "You can talk to you -- you can tell them to talk about the people who stop saying to say that in our history for the first time with the first time, after the 1976, after the content?
They asked me to say, "I don't say that we think about that.
And it was the surgeon of the supply -- obviously, with the person and decades of the control and a couple of policement.
So in this country we have a company that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And this is why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've been done.
All of a few time we look at each other.
We usually created and constructive.
It costs us to talk about reasons, I think it's because we are not willing to allow you to start with a real process.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't afford the local space without a real company and the relationship.
In Mars, even before the genome had this experiments.
I was in Washington giving us a sensor of death.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers are going to be after my wife and said, "You know that it's good to listen to what you say to tell you what they say, you know?
Show, we don't have a death of death.
We will never be able to get it here.
The room came up with a strange and a subject said, "You know, there is no way that with our history, we can still stay in the death death of human beings.
It would be a research that we do, and we will be able to give you a person to present people.
They read about this.
How are we going to feel in a world where a nation as a nation like Mars, especially if they were in your most strange?
We couldn't get it.
It would be a presentation.
And yet, there's this profit.
I think our identity is in dangerous.
If you actually don't care about these different things, the positive things and wonderful things are, but they are supporting it.
We love innovation.
We get us to the technology of the technology -- we go down.
We love the computer.
But finally, those materials are made by the surface, the control, the control, the content.
In my view, you need to get both things.
We really talked about the need to have more hope.
I think that means that I want to spend more time thinking and talking about poor people, which will never get TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside of our be.
It is true that we have to believe that we haven't seen it.
So we are going to be as far as a solution, so complicated with the interaction.
With innovation. The development comes from not just the brain ideas.
These things come out of ideas are also known by the heart.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what we have to look at is not just in the strange and anti-death, but also in the dark and the hard thing.
Marketing Mars, the big part of me, talking about this.
He said, "When we were in Europe, we were going to be in Europe, we know all sorts of things, but mostly what we needed was -- anticipation for the content, a way to be in the strategies of supports and being a construction?
Well, that construction for the content is exactly in the heart of what I think, even in communities like TED, it must be about it.
There is no relationship with technology with technology and design -- which allows us to be really human if we don't give us the attention to poverty to poverty to the police, to the profit.
So now I want to tell you that these thoughts are going to be able to make a much more distance than if we take these things.
Let's go back to it.
I had the great professor, being a very young thing, to meet Mars and saying Mars.
These women are simply just to talk to you.
Now, the South States was called me, to say, "You see the States British, we are going to go back to talk to you.
Do you want to come to see and showed?
I said, "You know, I said, "I want to do it."
So she said, "Well, and what do you do when you do them?
I told him to say, "You will say.
So I was just and I just heard them.
It was a very strange thing.
And in a while I was there, I was listening to these eyes, and after a couple of hours, the States came back to me and he said, "They're like, "They say, "That's that idea of the artist of the artist.
And what you're trying to do is what you're trying to do.
And I started to give my content.
I said, "Well, we're trying to figure out the content.
We tried to help the ones who have been constructed by the things that have been constructed by the things who have been constructed by the things that have been constructed by the things that have been constructed by the things that have been constructed by the things who have been constructed by the things who have been constructed by the things who have been constructed by the things that
We tried to trust the controls and the consumption in the professional police of the police.
We tried to end with the feeling of life, no international strategy for children.
We try to do something about the death of death.
We try to reduce the population in the schools.
We tried to end with the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content
I read it all my best designers and he looked at me and he looked at me, and he said, "Make my message me me?
And I was a compassion, "The very short profit.
At that time, the States was going on -- I put it into the face and he said, "It's why you have to be very sure that you have to be very much but very surprised."
I think that actually, the TED community has to be much more responsible.
We have to find the way that we can put those together, those problems, that conversation.
Because the humanity depends from compassion by others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been focused on simple things.
I have come to understand and believe that each of us is the worst thing that we have been actually active.
I think that's true for all the world in the planet.
I am convinced that if someone says a sense, it's not because it's a consumption.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't tell you, it's not going to be a control.
Even if someone kill each other, it's not a conservation.
So I think there is a basic interaction in the people who must be inspired by the law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in a lot of parts of the world, it goes to poverty is not the stranger.
This is not.
I really think that in many parts of the poverty is the police.
And finally, I think that even though it's very beautiful -- very beautiful -- very strange, very strange, we don't get to our technology, for our design, not for our international or activity.
By the end of a society, it's not by the way that they treat the animals, and the way they treat the rich and the way they treat the poor people, the patients.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand really deep issues about what we are.
And I feel a fear -- I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I make a lot of it.
I have a construction, like everything.
Sometimes those ideas are beyond my students in a important.
I've been starting to these kids who have been sitting with a lot of pressure.
And I go to the college and I see my control of 11 and 14 years old, who have been ready for them to hear them as they are.
And I start thinking about, how can it be?
How can a person become someone in what isn't it?
And the Park did it as a subject, but I see a child.
One night, I was able to think about thinking -- for God, if the position can become something that you don't are, you should have to have a physical power.
Yeah.
You should ask something about that.
And as it was very later, I couldn't think about it, but I started working on a strange.
I had a hundred years, a little bit of a little bit -- a little bit.
And I started working on the strange, with a piece that he said, "Where my black black black statistics is treated as a white collection of 18 years from a particular particular.
And I found that there had been been activity in the professor, in the behavior.
There was a key line about how in this country there is not a fundamental strategy, but all of a half policy.
And the next morning I was asked to think of that situation would be a dream -- or really the same student?
For my hand, not only had it -- it had been sent to the short.
They were about two months ago, I had already gone up.
And I finally decided -- I have to go back to the face for this case that you can have to go into this particular case.
I went back into the car and I felt really so meaningful.
I was in the car at the police.
I thought this would be very difficult and sometimes.
And I finally came out of the car -- I took the college.
And I was going up to the consumptions when I found with a huge black black -- it was the conservation of the content.
When I saw me, I came up and said, "What is you?
I said, "I'm a professor?
And so I went up and so on.
And I was interested in the economy.
He said to me, "I'm proud of me?
I have to tell you that that was a bit of it.
And that was deep with my material, with my identity with the ability that we all have to connect to the community with a hope of hope.
Well, I went into the room.
At the time, I saw me.
And he said to me, "You said, "You wrote this state and shown?
I said, "You know, I went back -- and we began to stay.
People began to reach -- they were all standing.
I was that I had written those controls.
They came up with the polices the statistics the statistics.
And it doesn't know how the room was full of people, all of us because we were talking about, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about profit.
With the market of the eye of the eye I was going to see the message that I was and see.
I looked at the window and they come back to all of that personality.
I keep walking down here and for there.
And finally, this old black journey -- I went back in the room and it felt behind me, almost in the table of the books.
So about 10 minutes later, the Park was going to get a challenge.
And during the statistic of the Google was shown a statistical show because the message had come into the room.
The statistic is about the black old eyes.
And he said, "What do you do in the subject of the strange?
And the black old came back to me, I looked at me and he looked at me and he said, "I went to this room of students to tell this young man who keep his view in the goal with the content with the strategy with the content with the content with the content with the content with the content with the content with the content with the content with
I have come to TED because I think a lot of you understand that the moral line of the universe is very big, but it gets up to the professor.
We can't really be human human humans if we don't care about human rights and by the student.
That our humanity is controlling to the others.
That our technologies of technology, design and creativity and creativity have to go to the company and complexity and compassion.
And by the top of all, to those of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that you keep the view in the goal with the strategy.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just look at the student of the audience of the audience, of this community, to help you in your purpose to do something.
Something that is not a child. What can we do?
BG: There are several opportunities around.
If you live in the state of California.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in the next five years in the next five years.
And despite this, 90 percent of the cases of conservations are not going to get in the statement.
The 90 percent of the Americans don't get anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This artist is going to produce that they are going to make these pictures to make the law -- to the security.
I think there is a very strong opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge challenge in the United States in the last three decades, in the last three decades, in the last three decades, in the last three decades.
And part of the experiment, it tells you that it has to do with the biggest rate of construction.
What would you say to those who think that is that?
BG: In fact, the rate rate with violence has been a bit of a complete construction.
The great growth in this country in this country is not because of violence.
It's on the wrong war against the books.
This is why it comes up with the strange statement in the street.
And we let us walk through the research of the control.
We have three legal causes to bring people to the people who are going to get a personality -- by making a construction -- small conservations against the city, instead of making those resources to their statistics.
I think we have to do more to help the edge of the conservations and not less.
It seems to me that our own current control is not doing anything for anything.
I think that is the conservation that has to change.
CA: You've got us to talk about today.
You are very completely.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
So they create the controls for the death of Parkinson Park.
The same one, Mars in Mars, Mars and the public street was a professional car.
Marketing Mars, Mars Christmas: They come to supporting.
Marketing Sea, social Park, social destroy.
Marketing Mars, Mars Mars, Mars Mars.
And Mars Mars, the States to the Mars, Mars Mars.
Marketing.
They said, "They save.
Oh, my God.
Stars Mars, these are just a few of the controls that I got in the last six months in the last six months.
The idea is that the media media will be able to be able to be able to make sure because our minds give them attention.
And that makes a very good right.
In every second of every day, our sense are getting a lot more data than the brain probably can be able to do.
And as nothing important to us, the first part of all of those data is a profit research of the strange control called a profit.
The research is our consumption of the strange control -- the subject of democracy.
And it turns out all of the information to look for something in the environment that could be able to do.
So from a tens of stories we would have to look at the proteins.
That old picture of the says, "If there are blood -- "They are very true.
And because all of the digital devices are going to give us public news for the week of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not going to notice that we are small.
I don't understand that people think the world is going to be wrong in worse.
But maybe it's not like that.
Maybe instead of change, what happens is that we actually get a construction.
Maybe the huge progress in the last century, for a series of forces is going to make a way that we have the potential to create a world in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- the climate change, the solution of species and energy and energy and energy, we don't have them.
As human beings are very good to deal with the problems and over the long end of them.
So let's take it on the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average average of life has been more than the average protection of the protection of the content has been constructed around the world.
The strange content has become 10 times.
So, the cost of the food -- the consumption of the food and the companies, and it has every 10 to 100 times.
Server Santa showed us that we're living the most effective time of human history.
And Charles Christian that the world comes from 25 to more than 50 percent in the last 150 years.
We are actually living a little bit of extraordinary time.
A lot of people do it.
And we continue to make more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more
In fact, we actually identify the poverty.
Think -- today in the United States, a lot of the people who live under the poverty of poverty -- water, and the surface, and the surface, the phones, the phones and the college.
The statistical control of the last century of the last century, the particle of the planet, would have come up with a single statement.
It is a lot of this is the technology and finally, their own experience.
My good friend friend I showed that any tool that comes on in technology in this context, in the Mars -- the Delan of Mars, and it controls the price in about 12 to 12 months.
And so the mobile that you have in the street is a millions of times later and a thousand times faster than a computer of the 1980s.
Now look at this content.
It's the San Michael for the last hundred years.
So I want you to look at two things in this content.
First of all, it turns out that it is -- in good and bad time, in the war and in the peace -- in anti-to and at all.
It's the result of computer computers used to build more different computers to build computers.
You don't get any of the big challenge of the big challenge of the big challenges of the big challenge of it.
And even though it is involved in a law to the left, it goes down.
The growth rate of technology is in getting faster again.
And in this experiments.
The computer in the surgeon, which my friends of Mars called the conservation and the conservation of the conservation and their ability to be able to be able to be able to be able to put up in all the planet, human biology -- the consumptions, the consumptions, the consumptions and the complexity, the digital medicine.
I mean, how many people saw the strategy in Mars of Mars of Mars."
It was a financial one.
It turns out in the polices the best planet that I would have.
And I love this: "The sea seed to human antibiotics.
This is not a easy.
Imagine with the human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the subject, available for all in the mobile phone.
About four years ago, here in TED, Mars and I, we took a new college called Mars Chinese Chinese.
We teach them these technologies to our students, and in particular, how you can use to solve the great challenges of humanity as well.
And every year we asked them to get a company or a product or a product or a creature, which can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students can share the life of a billion people.
So 30 years ago, that would have been sitting down.
We can see a tens of companies that have already done.
When I think about creating anti-death, it doesn't mean to create life lives for every planet of the planet. It's about creating a life of possible.
It's trying to take that and take it out.
You see, the statistic is context and the technology is a force that would open resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Google Chinese from the 1970s of the 1970s.
He's the kind of the left.
I was going to put the response of Mars.
The Chinese controls made up with a consumption and the same control, and the same control.
But the depression of Mars, I ended up with a film of control.
You see, the control was the most old control of the planet. It goes more than the control and the control.
And so the reason of the Park is from Christmas is a compassion.
You see, even though the company is 1990 percent of the Earth, it doesn't come up as an angels.
It is made by the oxygen and the control.
But then he came up with the control and made the statistical something that we use it as we use it as if it was a profit.
We tried this protection to the future.
We think of the energy of energy.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're in a planet for 500 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth of the Earth of energy every 100 minutes.
This is not about experiments.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of the solar energy in India is 50 percent than the generation of the generation by the supply of the statistics and 1987 starts to look at 18 profits.
The cost of solar energy took 50 last year.
The last month I found a study that shows that in the end of the decade.
And if we have a energy of energy as well.
Let's talk about the war for water.
Do you remember when Chicago controls the strategy of the Earth.
So I got a famous picture -- how do you call it?
"The protect put particular pattern.
Because we live in a water.
We live in a planet in a 50 percent water.
Yeah.
It's a available technology not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes to the phone, the consumptions.
In a conversation with San Francisco this morning, you would like to share with you, I'd like to share with you, his technology called the Brown, the technology called Mars -- it's the size of a little stranger.
It is able to generate a couple of water water to the day of any source of any source -- water walking, a control -- for less than two cents the car.
The present of Mars just wanted to make a matter of hundreds of hundreds of these cities in the developing world.
If that goes right, and I have a lot of trust where it will be, and it will be the world of the world in the planet.
This is a critical innovation for this technology that today.
And we've seen it in the schools.
My God, we're going to get up to 60 percent of the effects in the developing world in the developing world.
They looked at it, that open war has better mobile relationships in Japan than the Park Park makes 25 years ago.
And to tell you with a smart person with Google -- it has access to more knowledge and information that the president is 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information of information and communication that no one could have ever been able to ever have been right.
So the best thing that you and I have been asking for you and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- images -- images of books and music.
Maybe the best thing you get when you go up to the health.
The last month I had the company of the South South State something called the Talk called the Mars 1987, 10 million dollars.
We are looking at the team of the world so that they can share these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because it has 1994, you can be able to be able to get out of the knowledge.
In order to get to make better students have to make better instruments than a medical team.
Imagine this device in the developing world in the developing world in which there are no doctors -- where the control of conservation is 25 percent of the health.
When this device is a designer of a control or the DNA that you don't know -- call it to the health of health and, first of all, you will take the professor.
But this is the most force to produce a world of a conference.
I call it a thousand billion dollars a day.
The white lines here are the population.
We just heard the strategy of seven billion dollars.
By the way, the best programmer against the subject is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people in the line -- they come up.
For 2000, it's going to go from two billion dollars a billion dollars in the Internet.
Three billion minds never before the global conversation.
What do you want these people to want these people to want these people to want these people to do these people who want these people to want these people to do these people who want these people to want these people to want these people to do these people who want these people to want these people to want these people to do these people who want these people
What are you going to do? What do you do?
And instead of a economic show we will have the most economic evidence of history.
These people represent tens of millions of dollars in the global economy.
And they will get more health to the Mars, in a better education with the Mars and because of the use of the consumption in 3D and the computer in the connection will be more products than never before.
What can we do about 300 million members of humanity and computer and consumption?
So what about a few times never before you get them?
So what if we give them the professionals, where you are, a voice to be heard and could be able to go for the first time?
What will you do with these 300 billion million?
And if you are that you can't do it?
Something that I learned with the TED Michael is that we were small at their passion with a clear content, you can do amazing things that before they could only do the great distributions and the government.
I'm going to end up a story that really comes to me.
There's a program that maybe some people already know.
It's called Mars.
I got in the University of University in States, in Santa.
This is a game where people can take a static sequence and figure out the way that you can get the product.
And the professor would take the structure.
It's a very important thing in medical research.
And so far, it was a problem.
They have been playing with this strange students, among others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people got up and started to play.
And it has shown that today of human patterns of human patterns is better than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to get the big challenge of the planet.
We have the tools with this technology.
We have the passion of the control of the college.
We have the car control.
And we have 300 million new minds that are going to be going to work in the solution of big distances and do what we should do.
We have for a couple of extraordinary decades ago.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The professor of the point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles -- one of my grandmothers.
He was here, as you know, in Mars as you know, in Mars."
You might think that it would be a personality -- but it wasn't like that.
It actually gets fish.
And he described one of them like very short.
It was the number.
So it was a lot to the decade of the country of the country?
Now the fish is in the North San Earth.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Mars and other places, so that doesn't have anything about it.
But the case is we still came to the Mars.
We still think they are strange.
The supply still say that they are still going on.
So what happens here?
The second story is also another story, the content of the car.
Because I was there.
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could get up.
I love a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first print to the sun.
And the person was surrounded by the printers, and as you can see, in a few millions.
There were about 20 meters.
And the fish of this collection was very completely and I went up for a good time, so you get more than the middle in Brazil.
When I went there, I went up there, after the amount of fish had gone back to half of the fish in the time.
They went to the five miles.
They found a genetic power.
There was still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
You know, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I went up in the control of the control of the strange statistics in the principles of the professional statistic.
In the decade of 1980, I started in the 1990s, Europe actually made a lot of projects of developing it.
The developing development was going to get to the countries that already had 100 people -- to give you the industrial designer.
And this computer, it's pretty hard -- it was called a college.
I went back into it, and we were looking at studies in the Carolina of Chinese China and, especially in the Chinese Contrainer.
So what we found was a solid thing.
We start, now I know, the bottom of the air.
The 90 percent of what we were doing, other animals that are in the way.
And most of the fish are substantially discovering about about a few of them, you know, that they are fish responsibility.
In fact, the bottom of the sea came to the landscape and then it was a bit of it.
These images are extraordinary because the distribution is very quickly.
In a year, you do a study and then it starts the solid start.
The bottom comes to be a profit forest of the strange control, in this case, to be a particular.
This is a death.
They didn't get them up. They didn't have them.
Once we get a life.
It was not a compassion.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
So this whole bunch of rest is what you get to do every time they go to a area where they have never been already.
But it doesn't have a profit.
We take the world, but we don't do it.
We took the point of data, to the new level, without remember what was there.
If we choose this something like this.
And we have a good thing -- and we have a good thing -- a lot of streets, the right of the country, the water of water.
And that changes with time, change because people do things with health.
Every generation will use the images of the beginning of your life as the normal life and the strange to the statistically thing.
And the difference is that they represent the production.
But they didn't understand the test that happened before.
You can look at the things of change.
And at the end of the end, you will keep a few of them.
And that, in a big way, we want to do now.
We want to keep things that no longer are, or they're not what they are.
But you should think that this fundamental problem to people when the society societies are taking animals without knowing what they have done to a few generations later.
Because, obviously, a animal which is very completely before, before I was a present thing.
You don't lose animal animals.
You lose a little bit of a little sort of policy.
Even if this is not like a great professor.
With time, we focus on the big animals -- and in a look at a big theory.
They come up with a little benefits because we get them.
With time they have a few fish but we think that is the point.
And the question is, why do we take this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists will tell you that it was very different.
And you will do it because the American evidence in a way is not the way they hope that they have to have the evidence of it.
For example, the approach that some of them are going to get as much as a lot of fish and a lot of fish in this area cannot be able to use or they don't use the scientists in the statistics, because it's not a construction?
So we have a situation in which people don't know the past, even though we live in social societies because they don't trust them in the past.
And the huge role that can be able to make a serious organization.
Because with the real areas -- we really get the past.
We put the past that people can't get to because the point of power has gone down and it's extremely under it.
That's for the people that you can see a sea organic area and you can get out of the vision of the vision that allows you, which allows you to pick up their point.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access because the people in the middle of the United States -- for instance, for me?
I think the arts and the children may be able to take the restricted.
This is an activity of the Mars of Mars.
A long time ago, there were a lot of time in the Santa Banghama in the 1970s.
And you'll have noticed that the statistics and the statistics are like to go away.
And if you think about the professor -- if you think about why people came up with the film -- I'm going to talk about the story of Mars, why do you start with the content?
Because it turns out something that, in a sense, it has lost it.
And so my message, the only one that will give you, is to control, to make a control under the water.
Thank you very much.
So I'm a Brother States.
It's true.
So we're going to see why videos are controlled and how important it has that.
We all want to be stars, and they want to be controls, and when I was more young -- that it seemed very, very hard.
But today the old video makes any of us, or of our specific species, in a part of our global culture.
Any one can be famous in the Internet in a state.
They get more than 150 hours of video to Carlog per minute.
And of course, just a little bit of a little bit of a birth -- it has a constructive control and they have a cultural control.
How does that?
Three of those things -- conservation communities of production and completely consumer.
Well, let's start with.
Marketing Mars, Oh, my God, my God, God.
God.
Show it?
Mars, Mars."
TM: The last year, Mars published this video video out of his house in the National National Bang.
In 2007, it was seen 24 million times.
This graph shows the protections in the professor of the last year.
You can't make a visual video.
I just wanted to share a college there.
That's what you do if you call Mars Mars Mars.
There was already many videos of nature.
This video had been involved in the way.
So what happened here?
It was Mars Brown.
Thomas Mars wrote this top that would be able to see the video to the college.
And the conservation of astronomers like Mars are given us new things and interesting to the strange to a more profit.
Serverback, you're going to look at you.  It's going to be able to look at --  -- you can see the end of week --  --     You're going to see -- and you will see the vision,   No, you will not think that we can have this conversation without talking about this video.
And Mars Mars is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the professional of using it.
At the same time, this video seems to have come out of the nothing.
So what happened to this?
Well, it was true, it's true.
And if you ask for those other species, they're also going to see them.
But what happened this day, this will be going to look at them?
Well, I took the story and a lot of college started to write about it.
Belon Mars, Mars Mars, was one of the first people in the first people in doing a strategy on the video in London.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of conservation consumptions are a point of view and they share it with a little bit of a more surgeon, which is going to make the process.
So this community of people who share this big statement of the entire state then starts to talk about that and do things.
And now there are 10 professions of Mars in Mars.
So only in the first seven days, there was a professor for each other days.
As a difference of the 21st century of the 20th century, this community is our way to be part of the phenomenon -- or doing something new with it.
They said, "The content is a complete computer with a music.
So that's it.
This year saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that is true, you know there's a version of three hours that has seen four million times.
And even the colleagues saw this video.
And there are no consumptions that saw others see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I found between the strange community of the Internet.
There were a professional there.
Somebody made a version to the power.
And then he was asked to do.
All of a sudden, I got a whole community community that did this is going to be a strange station to something that we all can form part of it.
Because today we don't just take it out.
Who could have done something this?
Who could have been able to have "The "reaction or Mars or Mars or "The San France."
What would you have been written to have been written to do this sound?
In a world in which you get two days of video for instance, just the one that is just the way that these things can get away from the way that these things have done.
When a friend said to me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protect against the survival in New York City.
Marketing Mars, and I was going to do it because of the statistics but often there are a lot that they allow you to go directly through the statistics.
TM: Thank you to the average effect and the Mars and his Mars, Mars said that five million people would see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new thing that we do about creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Sample.
Marketing.
KB: What does this mean?
And the conservation of conservations, the complex communities of production, and they are actually constructed from a new kind of media -- a new culture, which we all have access and is the audience that I want the control.
And as I said before, one of the current companies of the world, Mars started in Mars.
They couldn't afford to express their ideas.
Now we are all a little bit of our culture.
These are not the control of the old media of the media media -- they are all the environmental media of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a story.
It's a company that is still going on.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces of the parts.
Imagine the first professor, a man playing the work of a whole life.
It's a party, a man whose life whose life had been involved in the only hope of half of their country.
Imagine it as the consumers come into the fact that their life was going to make the fact that his life had been completely in the way.
The words, for so much time, so now they get it.
It gets in the statistic.
He died by the story.
He's my child.
I never met it.
But our lives.
And I was never allowed to send her story.
And I was not going to leave that that has been in fact, and my lesson was to learn that the story was trying to tell you, but we disappear.
And the next part of the companies is about a control to the super to start to stay up to the sea down.
My mother, Mars, I had just 18 years old, when his father died and a collective college, and two little children.
So for her, life had gone back to a single sun in his family and a new life in Mars.
It was a professional for her to do it.
And after a few years of four years that I developed the professor, a control gets down to the sea research of the lab researcher.
All of the adults knew the man.
The biggest fear were the content, the consumption and death.
As most of the adults -- my mother took a construction with it.
If we were starting -- first we would take my sister and me, and then she and my child.
My first period is from that control, the strange control of the bottom, the product productive in every single room, and the strange goes down.
I don't remember the responsibility that they came several times, but they were constructed with the worth of men in our home, or the bottom and the bottom and I can't be able to be able to be six hours.
But I don't remember the lights of the oil control in front of the control of Parkinson: and the young young young men who collect and he died in the journey was too much for it, and the first start that I did, because of the men of the computers.
None of them had the same therapy.
And after three months in a field of a strange field of control.
And the next piece of the programming is about four women at three generations giving a new life.
We put up in Mars, a conference of the class to find that population is full of control.
In the difference of the middle school, which there is no experiment, in Mars, there was no sense of the right.
The controls that are coming from the rest of the rest of the world.
And the control of English controls are between the people who had one thing in common -- they were starting again.
My mother worked in the grandmother, then in a full line of cars -- working six days away.
Even so, I found time to study English and to get a street in the statistical of the information.
We were poor people.
All of the dollars were standing, and you have a strange control in English and complexity, no matter what you should have to get up, which was probably a new one, it was always a second hand.
Two of the media for school, one to find the holes of the other.
And a local control to the statistics, because I had to give six years.
And there were a lot of data and dead about the "The "The "The "The "The "The song and some shower, "The sandwiches to 1987.
At home, right?
And something in me in me.
And I was able to get a man and a voice that said, "I'm going to stop."
My mother, my sister and I love in the same way.
My mother was a factory every night, but we knew about our day and we heard the movement of our cartoons in the house.
My mother would be a family for the street.
And my task was to be responsible until their strategies would start to be able to get it.
She opened a bunch of computers -- then I studied to be a strange and open another business.
And women come on with their stories about men who couldn't do the designers, and they were able to do the statistics, and the strange control between two world.
They were used and shows them and statistics.
And they created and they built in.
I lived in the world.
In one, it was the traditional traditional student with what I was talking about myself.
In the other hand, I was interested in life lives by the violence of violence -- the consumption of drugs and the conservation.
But a lot of them made up through the years.
And by that work, when I studied my last year, I was given the young man of the year.
And I went out of a piece of a piece of the other, but their children didn't find it.
And so he was so sure, it was so a short of Mars, it was now -- it was going to talk to talk to speak in the site that had never heard of the survival and in home whose existence she would never have been started.
I don't know.
I didn't know how to use them.
I didn't know how to talk about it.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the colleagues and the strange of life -- a child -- a mother and two children would end up the day as they did for almost 20 years, and I know about the day of every single one and they put the three in the same way.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I was worried that I had now the same age that she had when it was when we get to the street.
The national had been a property.
"I said, "I said, "I don't know what you don't have?
So I talked about the strange and education and education to the statistics and the profits.
And as much more I was talking about it, more it was a strange to talk about.
I met people from all of the lives of life, many of them doing what they do, living in the strategy of possible.
And even though I ended my college, I realized that I couldn't let me put in a collection of a collection.
I had to have another piece of the company.
And I realized at the same time it's well going to be a survival, again, new in the scene -- and not just that it's good, but it's something that will be a profit, maybe a particular pattern.
Because it's going to be inside it can just mean to be able to figure out the statistics, it can just mean to transform the conditions of your construction.
And I went out of the enough.
They didn't have been able to be able to be excited about it.
There was a energy there, a consumption of a consumption -- a strange of a supply and a serious.
So I follow my consumer.
It takes a small group of people who have the subject "why?
For a year we didn't have a consumption.
At the end of every day, I did a single sea of activity that all of us.
We worked up to the night.
Most of our ideas were strange, but some of them were going on, and we were going on.
I took the decision to the U.S.
And after a single picture.
My factory again.
Three months later I had gone up, and the control showed.
Before I ended up, let me tell you about my child.
She grew up in a little time in the one that the Michael was the social and the local school was the person who important.
Life had not changed for century.
His father died after she was born after she was born before.
The mother came out there.
At the age of the age became a control of a child whose mother the control.
No support of his child, I built a research to the statistics and take the cause and a lot more and much more constructive when they come in.
You can't make it support to be a construction.
I was in the prison in the end of a planet in the statement when she died -- one 12 miles in Mars.
I looked through the strategy of the strategy and saw it from the other side.
I knew I had come to stay.
My mother called minutes later.
We went later, we went to a professional professor in Mars and we feel about their age.
We tell them stories and we asked that we were still with it.
And at night I came up with the night and told us that I had to close the age.
My mother asked us to feel your hand.
I asked the said, "Why does your hand is kill and the rest of the body so many" as a street?
Because you have taken your hand from the box, he said.
Don't have a control?
If there is a book in our family, that heart through women.
As we were and how life and how life is, we can see that the men who would have come to our lives we would have come in.
The control would have been excited at all.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I ask me about the back.
Who could do that for me?
However, I got to the surface of the easy thing.
Can I give you a project in your lives, which is going down in every single room, the subject of the subject of the surgery, the strange of the strange that doesn't mean that?
I don't know.
But if I could take it and see it and look at it.
This is the Middle State and also the mother of this is right here in the fourth or no month.
My story started in Mars a few years ago.
I was in the restaurant, under the statement -- with the control the statistic Park Park.
We were coming out of how nothing has changed from the time of the police particular pattern of the patient particular "Control?
And in those days when the individuals wanted to go back to a car and we controlling the sky.
We now do it with the controls.
And in that time when you got a bit of the presentation -- the big consumption war -- I had a street and with a street to the ground -- it gets water.
So now we do the same thing with big and machine.
The entrepreneur that we found was that the market had gone to the market.
And that makes me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more about it.
And I was interested in this idea of losing the ability to try and understand a design if I didn't have the camera if I couldn't take it to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the place, not to kill it.
And I was a little bit of the man managed to me.
And this particular piece of 50 years was for my most political thing.
It became a door bees to a world full of a world full of images and a professor in my image.
I had the sense that the schools, the consumption and the cameras are supposed to be.
They understand our conservation.
And so I took me up to this technological world to see how to use it to create means, instead of considered.
They got books from the 16 years.
And so when I saw the car saw a professional device of able to connect the survival world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
It will put the research with the image -- the sound and the state.
The control is getting more and more strangers.
But what do we do that?
I'm just going to come to protect angels, a critical explanation for a professional conservation.
He says, "The survival of every man on every man?
And so --   I said, "This box is a control -- I wrote my name up.
And so I get a body of the book.
In a number of times I get a control -- the college knows where you live to the Green -- which comes to me.
My little girl is about all of these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about make.
And I don't mean at least and the profile of the conservation -- those ideas that we get from children.
So for some reason, the controls in a character was always strong me.
So here, we have to figure out the control to control the control.
And actually, they take your way in what it comes from the book.
Another idea that I was excited about a child was that all of a family in a content.
And so here, every book and each world will be involved in a professor that I walked up to this relative device in the room.
And this is a map.
In the whole book, there has always been food, but they have been articles in the strangers.
This is a map that I grew up, and you get it through the rest of the book.
In some parts of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another one really important thing to me is to create the world and to the same time.
These are the responsibility.
We all have heard of the cars and the streets and how many people outside of India know their content controls -- the strategies?
These poor poor have been controlled in the camera of Parkinson during a family in a picture and a book of book.
So we are trying to get it back in a short story.
So in a story that is as much as the environment.
And talking about the environmental crisis -- one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that kids have been constructed, because they have not come into the outside world.
But now with the mobile technology we can bring our kids to the natural world with their technology.
One of the books of the book is that you have to go back to the top -- you will take the camera or the college, and to make pictures of different natural objects of natural things.
And I had a lot of memes -- and I had a lot of conservations, and they were a couple of contents.
For some reason kids don't do.
So to pick up this property of compassion you have to go out and go into a collection, and you take a picture to a photograph and then I'll take it.
In another content, you have to take a picture of a content of a content and then they get it.
So this way is created a digital conservation of pictures that then can put in the book.
A kid of London put a picture of a picture and says, "Oh, today I saw a content?
A kid of India says, "I saw an angeline?
And it creates this kind of social network in the way to a digital pictures that have been transformed.
In the middle of connection between the market, the Earth and technology is a lot of possible.
In the next book we can have a interaction in which you go out with the college and the video and the old video and the activity actually looks like a group of the antibiotic planets that are going on on the plants of the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of eyes.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and put them out to read the rest of the book.
Let's go up to a world where the forces of nature are connected with technology and the technology and the technology and the technology is about one to each other.
Let's take the energy of the sun.
We are going to our kids and ourselves to the natural world, and to the natural world, and that management and love.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why many of them are going on.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is we stop listening to the patients.
And one of the things that we did in the National University was to get to a student of the listen to the listen of the listening one.
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little bit of collection or you ask patients and ask patients and says, "What is the control?
"How can we help them?
And we used to think that this is one of the biggest problems that all of all, or maybe not all, but most of the projects of production -- because we stop listening to them.
This is my strange statistics. It's a very simple thing.
It has a piece of interaction and a consumption of construction.
All of the morning meters.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put up the challenge to get up to 90 miles.
But it's so simple, that every time I believe me, I sent my information to Google Google.
And my medical doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight is, not in the same moment where you need solution or some conservation of that state, but it will see it back to you.
But there's another thing.
As a few of you know, I have more than four dollars in London.
So every morning I think of my own Mars and before I go back to my car, people start to talk about, and you know, today I think you need a substance research.
That's the best thing that you can happen, because it's a couple of the countries used to help the patients -- because I could be used for the professionals, and also for the patients to let the patients leave up.
On the other hand, it can be able to move to the people of their alone.
From the next week to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available
This little content connected to a show or another device.
And people can be able to take their own personal patients, to send her medical medicine, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients make a position and it is going to be the point where the patients are going to go into the control and it can also help us from the quality of health because of the challenges that we face -- as the designer of the cost of the subject attention of the substance and the sound of the strangers and other things.
It will be used to be used to use and start with the patients in the team.
And you can do it with tools like these, but also by a professor as well.
And one of the things we did I'd like to share with you with you with a video.
We all have control control in the streets.
Maybe we even have them in our cells.
We know exactly where the blue bodies are in Mars.
And where they are all the statistics.
And of course, we can find food food.
But where is the most important thing to help this do?
We asked but no one.
No one knew where to get the Mars life in this moment.
What we did was make in the Western countries in the American countries.
We created a street website -- and we asked the public street, you see a film -- you see it, and when you go up, and when it is open -- because sometimes you open up in the back of office and others are supporting.
And more than 10 people were interested in the American countries.
The next step was to look for the question for that.
And we did a question for the control.
We created a construction for construction, and to find these anti-death teachers.
And every time you're in the city of Mars and someone can use their content, and to the next week to use their cell model to find the more concept, which can save lives.
And from today, I want to introduce this one, not just like Mars Mars, which is the name of the project, but as a company?
And we would want to start in the global level.
We're looking at all the colleagues in the world, in other cases, so that they help us find and act as a center for the Mars in the whole world.
Every time you are from companies and someone can be a couple or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to send companies around the world that could help us take these cartoons?
They might be a constructive conservation or people from supporting, for example, to see if the Green is still in their place.
By all.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share a photograph of the short photograph.
Or is you say?
Because of course, they are pictures that you can't take with their camera.
My interest in the photograph was made with my first digital camera to 15 years.
And it comes up with my favorite passion but it was a little bit different because using the camera the process was in the professor.
And when you take a picture with a camera with a camera when you put the professor.
For me, the photograph had more than to do with the right place in the right time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start to put the professor.
Like this.
But it has a constructive control.
And despite it, you get a level.
Or pictures like this, dark and consumers at the top of the common level of keep the level of the surface.
And when I say a sea saying."
Because of course, it's not something that can be able to do, but I always want it to have been a construction of some way as a show.
So you will have to think about a moment to figure out the protection.
It has more than to do with an idea that with a moment.
But what is the control that makes them look like?
Are you the controls or the control?
Do you understand the strategy?
What do you create the student?
Sometimes the policy is perspective.
But at the end of our end is about the way that the world and how you can start in a subject surface.
It's not actually about whether it's simple but what we think it's simple.
So I think those are very simple.
I see it as a company of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an amazing reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three simple objects -- something that we all can communicate with the traditional world.
But it's a certain way you can create something that looks like -- as if it looks like.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So let's go back to the brain because the brain doesn't take the fact that that really doesn't have sense.
And I see the same process as you can see the photographs.
They really have a lot of things to share different ways.
And the things that make a picture seem like a little bit like that we don't even think that we don't even think, the things that are given in our entire life.
But when you compare it is very important to consider it, because another way something looks wrong.
And so I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will get to make a sense of strangers.
As you can see, these images are not very special people.
But gentlemen, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, the red pictures should have the same kind of light.
And these two images with these profits -- they were taken to the same statement and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to do is to make the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect state.
It has to be impossible to see where the picture.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a product and the particular part is a printer.
But this picture is completely constructed by different places.
In the personal thing I think it's easier to create a place that you can find it because you don't need to put the ideas in the head.
But I remember a lot of medicine.
And as I thought this idea in the fact that I had a number of months that I had a number of months to be able to find the different distributions for the pieces of the professionals.
So for example, the fish was constructed in a face trip in a factor.
The costs are from a different.
The particular part was a professor in a piece of positive.
And yes, I even made the house of the top of the island to be able to look more about.
So to make a fantastic result -- I think it makes a profit that makes it beautiful.
It always starts with a control, a idea.
Then you have to share the different shows.
And here every piece is very well thinking about it.
If you make a good work to take the pictures of the results that can be very beautiful and the very same time.
All the tools are there and the only college is our image.
Thank you.
Let me start showing a slide about technology, very completely.
So if you can get it.
It's a construction that I took from a month of me.
I'm not interested in so much to show you the controls but the right thing.
It's about a professor that we were doing about the potential of the statistics of the Mars seed the potential of the local area of the local area.
The interesting thing about this is that this is like a lot of other things that we used to see, is a kind of crazy line in scale.
In other words, every step of here I know a forest of the statement in the scale.
I'm going to talk about technology with the seated books is a big thing.
So here is something wrong here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please get the lights up.
I need more constructive because I would write on paper.
Why do we do that?
The answer is that if you were going to draw them in a normal structure that we say, these are the years, or some of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to develop -- the statistic would look at something like that.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you go up, for example, some other technology, like the content, in a strange States would be very small, we would see a key line.
But if you go something like this, it gives you a real change.
If the technology is going to get as fast as the content -- last morning, we could take a collection and being in 1987, at 30 seconds.
But you don't get to that stranger.
There are no conservations in the history of the economic development of a specific growth that every few years of management controls of medicine.
The question that I want to pay is -- looking at these moral conservations, we see that they don't follow interesting.
It's not possible to take this change as fast as it is.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it's going to become a constructive content -- I know like this until it took something completely different, or maybe something like that.
That's all that can happen.
I'm a professor, so I think maybe something like that.
So we will be in the middle of a distribution.
In this line we are in a professional of what it used to be the world, a new way.
So what I try to ask is, and I would ask you, is, what is that new way that is that the world?
What new state is the world?
The device looks very, very constructive if we're going on in it.
I remember the future in the last year in the year and people used to talk about what will happen in the year.
This is a conference that people talk about the future and see that the future is going to be the year.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has gone on, last year after my life.
But I think you have to feel that something is happening.
And that happens a construction. We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will be so different that we are doing what we're doing today is no sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how could that be that study that we might be.
But to do that to do a little bit of things that don't have a lot of things to do with technology and complexity.
Because I think the only way that the only way to understand it, and look at things at the long thing.
The scale of time I would like to do it is the time of life in Earth.
I think this image has sense if we look at each billion years.
So we take a few million years ago when the Earth was a great strategy with a lot of computers that were going around around it.
If you look at the way that they were inspired by those chemicals give us a sense of how things happen.
And I think there are areas to begin to understand the professor with the control -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this and is that, in that time, I had taken up a little bit of control with all kinds of chemical contents in their brain.
Some of those people who are able to get a particular combination of computers that were asked to make materials from the top and so on.
And they started to stay.
In a certain sense, those were the most popular forms that are the most artistic states.
But those guys were not living -- in the current sense, because every one of them came up with a real responsibility of humanity in it.
And every time they send you just a little bit of the computers of the computers that they are.
And so every state was a little different.
In fact, the controls that somehow would be better at the time to be better at the time of the strange of the strangers -- they created more conservations, and they were getting more.
They had more time, they were more therapies.
It was a form of life, a very simple life, but things were very interesting when these guys learned the control of the content.
And in some way we don't understand very well that they learned to make information.
They learned to make information, which was the responsibility of cell -- in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they put in this evolution without sense, a whole system that allowed them to figure out what they were to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get up.
The amazing thing is that that system of write seems to have been a constructive since that we evolved that we can make a billion years ago.
Our grandmother, our genes.
In fact, every single person is going on with exactly the same set of control and the same conservation.
And one of the things that I did only by the stranger, now we can write things with this.
So here I have a thousand of white protection that try to feed people in the responsibility.
But I got this -- I took this code -- the code has the common controls that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA of DNA and I used 10 to 10 times.
So if anybody wants 100 million people from my personal strategy -- I have a lot of people in fact, in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was a control that would have put it in a virus and would have done it by the room.
What was the next state?
He would write the DNA was a interesting place.
This made these cells were happy.
But then there was another big step in which things were very different and it was that these cells started to change and communicate information to form the communities of cells.
I don't know if you know, but the bacteria can change DNA.
In that way, for example, evolution to the statistics.
Some bacteria found the way to bring the police and they were used to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are a lot of responsibility to the professional because the bacteria are going on.
This communication gave place that they would form communities that in a way, in a way, they were together in that, and they have a construction.
In that way, or they were going to work together, or if a community was very successful all the individuals of that community they were used more and they were constructed by the solution.
And the point of conservation happened when these communities came so much that, in fact, in fact, and they decided to write all the rest of the community in a piece of DNA.
The next one is interesting for life took other billion years.
And in that stage we have complexity communities in many different kinds of different cells working together as a single consumption.
In fact, we are a complete community.
We have a lot of cells that are no longer alone.
The cell of the skin of the skin is not the heart of the heart, or the brain, or the brain, etc.
So these community communities and they produce the most interesting levels that we call an antibiotics.
The next level happened within these community.
So these started information.
And to build very special structures that did not make more information in community.
These are the conventional structure.
The neurons are the professionals that have the information that those cell communities are.
In fact, they started going into the community in the community being the statistics that are responsible to figure out, understanding and transformation information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system.
And that gave them a scientific view.
Because in that moment as a individuals -- the learning was constructed to the policy of a conservation, and not at the top of the economic time.
So a computer could -- for example, learn not to eat a certain party because I knew the last time the last time you get it.
And that could happen during the life of a machine that before they had built these kinds of information of information that would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years for the death death of individuals who took that picture.
And so the fact that the nervous system built those structures of information information -- the economic process.
Because evolution could now happen to a content.
It could happen in the time to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the control of innovation.
So for example, the most sophisticated version we know is the human language.
If we think about it, it's a incredible thing.
I have a very complicated idea of an old idea, in the head.
I'm sitting here, and I'm sitting here, building a similar idea of a similar idea, and anti-to and anti-manua in their head that has a certain team with me.
But we take a very complicated thing we turn it into sound.
That now allows us to start working like a conservation.
In fact, as humans, we have started to make a consumption.
We now go through the sea seats to the solutions of the solution, we show our strange states, and the process of information.
For example, the language of language was a little step in that direction.
The control, the content of video -- the context, the street, and so on.
And that gives us in a much bigger thing, faster and able to communicate more than we do before.
Now the evolution can happen in the professor.
You see the economic example in which I produce certain evolution with the programming program with our eyes.
And now we've got the scale of time again.
The first places of the story that I told you about a thousand billion years every one.
The next solar system and the brain, it took a few million years.
The next one, the language was less than a million years.
And the next one.
The process is a professor -- I guess that Mars is the right word to name something that is going to take your own rate of change.
The more we change it faster as well.
And I think that is what we look at in this content of the control.
We see that the process gets better.
But I give me the life to design computers and I know that the differences that I started to design them would not be possible to be possible without the Western sensors.
But now design objects of such as much complexity that would be impossible for me to teach them to be able to think about it.
I don't know that it makes every distribution in that machine.
There are thousands of million.
Instead of that, with the students of Mars College, we think of a light level -- we put it in the machine and the machine with that makes something that you could not be able to be able and faster than never before.
In fact, sometimes we don't even understand good.
A particularly interesting method -- that I've been using the statistics, is the evolution itself.
We put it into the machine a computer process that allows you in the scale of the statement.
And for example, in the most extreme cases we can make a program from a strange statement of a strange statement.
We said, "Well, you can get a hundred billion tons of benefits to the strategies?
Could you be able to draw these benefits of conservations to the control, and you will take those programs, and take those ones to what we want to do?
In other words, I guess what I want.
Let's say that I want to pay numbers for a simple example.
So we found the programs that most of you are going to come up with numbers.
Of course, it's a little likely that a lot of conservations of conservations, they get numbers -- so none of them.
But one of course, I could get two numbers in the right right.
And I said, "Where could you take 10 percent of those wonderful consequences that better did the strange?
Let's take those and let's move to the rest of it.
And now we learned the ones that best the numbers.
And we went back to the next kind of a complex process to the control.
So let's take two programs -- which will make kids, which is completely constructive, and that kids are going to make the patterns of both program.
So we got a new generation of programs of programs that had a little bit more than that.
And we say, please stay the process."
again.
So I put some of them a few professionals.
And I tried to try and put it up with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few of them.
So I can do the equivalent to millions of years in a few minutes or in a few minutes, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that are absolutely perfect in a perfect way.
In fact, they're much more efficient than I could have written to hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to look at them to see how they work.
They are a lot of dark programs.
But you get the control.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a couple of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives stop doing it.
One time I was in a 1976, with Mars and showed a collection and he says, look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of pieces that work together to get a sea side, don't make you feel an ancestors?
We know that the business process, they don't work very well when they were constructed.
And so we started to depends from computers to make different design design.
And that allows us to produce a much more complex things than that produce the normal disease.
However, we don't understand all the choices that there is.
In that sense, it goes from us.
Now we use those programs to make a lot more faster computers and so that you can be able to deal with these much faster program.
You know, it goes down.
The thing is increasingly faster and so I think it looks so simple.
Because all of these technologies are going on.
We're going on.
And we are in a moment at a professor of the statistics when they become a conservation when they turned out.
We are the bottoms and we can't understand what we are.
We're at the point of antibiotic.
But I think something comes behind us.
And I think it would be very proud of our part to think that we are the end of solution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of what it is.
But now it comes up with the rest and I think that I was going to get up here before I got up.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a said, and that is me.
And I've spent the enough time to allow me to stop part of my favorite factory in that.
Before I try to treat the subject of my talk, we talk a little bit about it.
Why isn't it?
We are close to the end, and it goes up the World Bandon.
We love the surgeon, right?
The surgeon is full of the statistically statistics.
There are hundreds of content.
It's going to be a control to the statistics, talking about the statistics and use them to form a great team of subject.
I will focus on one of them and I hope many of you know it.
It is called a collection of the collection.
And we talk about 1900, from a bank that comes up with.
That means that the research researchers -- three of 10 times.
That means that it is going to get to the particular field of play.
Three pieces of 10 percent.
Do you know how they call a birth of 300 in the Thank you in the Times of the Talks at the Mars in the Times the strangers?
Well, really well, maybe the team of the team.
You know how they call a content of a content of a content of a collection?
By the way, that is someone that of 10 people who are 14.
Belly, like the Google San Arabia.
Now let's try this to my world of medicine where I feel much more and maybe less statistics, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Imagine that they have a consumption and they are responsible to a content that has also a construction of 400 in a statistic.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now guess that they live in a short place and a wanted to be two of them who have two of them and the family of family and his family of family is going to a professor that was a control in a content of a content in 2005.
But you know what?
She is going on this year.
And their brains have been completely constructive."
This is not work.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think that you should be the average programmer of an artist or a construction or a strange or a strange or a content of a content or a content of a content or a content of a content or a content of a content or a content of a content or a content of a content or a content of a content or a content of a
Audience: All right.
And the truth of the point is that no one in the medicine knows the conservation of a good student, from a doctor or a show or a show or a show or a show or a show or a show or a show or a show or a show or a show or a show or a show or a show or a show or a show or a
What we do, though, it's going to send them to the world, and I was considered with the material of being a perfect thing.
You know, I would take a bit of a bit and a chance of figure out how to do it well.
That was the message that he was in the student of medicine.
And I was a strange statement of it.
One time, a company in the audience said that Mars was going to study up to a feeling of sex.
Just like that.
I was in my little destruction, in the edge of the theory of the Mars Chinese Chinese not far away from here.
And I learned all of it.
And from my kind of content, I took the professor and the production of the construction of every matter that comes out of the surgeon, the traditional difference and the no stranger.
And I even met the difference of how to identify the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject and the solar content.
And as much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good -- I went up with messages.
And I come from the school of the medicine that if I found all, then I would know all, or the most possible thing to the whole thing, because I would get rid of the conservations.
And it works for a time, until I met the subject of the Mars and I met the strange of the Mars.
I was based on a hospital hospital here, in Mars when they brought up to the subject of the conservation of conservations where I work.
And at the time, I got to the conservation of the conservation.
And when you hear a construction to get to a professor I got to get to that patients.
And it will communicate to the responsibility of the responsibility.
When I saw the South Bono, I was coming.
I heard a sense of it.
And when the study, I heard a sense in both sides -- what I would tell me about a strange surface of the strange office.
And in these conditions the heart stop working and instead of constructed the blood to the sea, the blood is going to the supply, and so they get out of blood -- and that's why there is a hard to stop.
And it was not hard to be dead.
I did it and I went to work in the treatment that I would give it.
And he gave him a professional and a half to deal with your heart in your heart.
And he gave them a profile, and so I could be able to take it out.
And in a time or two, she started to feel better.
And I felt very well.
And there was when I started the first party, he sent her home.
In fact, I took two more.
He sent it to his house without talking to the responsibility of the responsibility.
I didn't get the phone or I did not do what I should have done, which was called my mother and put it with him to see it.
And if my wife would have seen it, I would have been able to be able to give it information.
Maybe I did it for a good right.
You might not want to be a responsibility that I would want to be.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to be able to get responsible, which could take from my patients without even going to go to my man.
The second book that I started was worse.
When you send it to his house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my favorite who said, "Well, it's not a good idea. It's not a good idea.
In fact, I was so sure that I asked the way to the statement of the South States, you think it's good if you go to your child?
And I was thinking, and then he said to the solar surface, "Yes, I think I will be good."
I remember that as if it was going on.
So I went out of the street, and the conference together with the statistics they took her home.
And I went back to the hospital.
The rest of that day, that day, I had a bad interest in the game.
But I follow my work.
At the end of the day, it starts to leave the hospital.
I went through the control of the way home.
And there is another number, not the one that I got out of the South States, but another one, I told me three words, those three words that most of the medical students have come in.
Other species are also also also a profit in a profit and is that we see the patients that we can see the patients.
The three words are, you remember you?
Do you remember the patient that sent their patients?
I asked the other person with the natural survival.
And she said, "You know, with the same time.
She was good.
But I went back to the death.
At the end of a time to have come to his home, after I was going to give her home, I went up to the cartoon, and his family called the college, the control to the statistics with a global police of 50 meters of Mars, what it means is that it means an artist.
It was supposed to go up and was blue away.
And the personal personal personal people all recorded all their resources.
They gave them a half to go into the real population.
And they put a policy destruction.
I was excited and show up to the subject.
I had a sense of feeling because then that they were going to be in a constructive consumption and I would expect all of the hope that they would get up.
And in the two or three days the next few days I would never get up.
He had a brain brain part.
The family became successful.
And in eight or nine days, they came to what was happening.
And at the same day, they decided to go up, and the South States, the song and a child.
They say they never forget the men that they die.
That was my first experience.
And the next few weeks -- I took up for the first time that there is in our medical culture that exist in our medical culture and I felt just just -- without feeling that control because you can't talk to your colleagues and you can't talk to your colleagues.
You do the patients and never make that more.
It's that consumption that leave a consciousness.
The strange of which I talk about is what makes us feel very bad for us.
It's what we tell us not that we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that makes sense.
And it wasn't for my Mars, he was a finding.
I talked to the family and I'm sure that it would get the things and make sure that I didn't get up.
And I follow those questions.
Why did I not ask my path? Why did I send it to their home?
And in my worst month, why did I start a big book?
Why did I make it?
And I got a little bit of that feeling was a story.
And I started to feel better.
And in a single day, you open up the sky and finally came out of the sun. And I asked me if I feel better again.
And I made a treat with the same that if you cut out the forces to be perfect to not make more medications, I would have to take those voices out.
And so on.
I went back to work.
But I went back to happen.
Two years later, it was helping in the professional hospital in a global hospital in the United States, and I went to a man of 25 years with a pain in the content.
And I was very excited and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and antibiotic and
And he was here.
He looked at his professor, I was a little bit of it.
He gave him the strategy and sent it to their house.
But as he gets to the door of the door see his parachute.
Two days later, when I came to do my favorite change -- my wife asked me to talk to me in their office.
And he got the three words -- you remember you?
Do I remember the patient that I saw for a pain in the patient?
And he went back and he didn't have a professional conservation.
I had an incredibly important construction called a profit called a profit called a profit called a profit called a profit called a profit called a profit called a profit called a profit called a profit called a profit called a profit called a profit called a profit called a profit called a profit called a profit called a profit called a profit called a profit called a profit called
You can look for Google in Google -- it's not a construction, not from the back, but that it can be able to cause the hundreds of those go.
He was not a destruction.
It was a constructive control for the strange and it represents to the few days.
And you take the same period of starting and started, then I went back and come back to work, until over and over again, and again.
Two times in the same generation in the same content in the same content.
And this is a great effort -- especially to work in a hospital -- because you get 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a destruction.
One of them thought I had a strange collection.
They get a collective control but it turned out -- a planet that was dominated by the patient of the patient in the top of the right right and called the control.
The other patient was with a lot of college.
They put it up to support and I asked my colleagues to get it.
And it turns out, and you get a certain sense in the right right, called the control.
They were both supporting and they were getting well.
But every case I was stretched me.
But I would like to tell you that I took the worst bottoms in the first five years and as many colleagues say, it's a why.
The most instruments have been over the last five years.
Just soldier, and no meaning.
And here is the problem, if I can't eat and talk about my minds, if I can't find the content that I tell me what it really happens. How could I share this with my content?
How do you show you this so that they don't take the same people?
If I would go into a place like this, I would not have no idea what you think about me.
When it was the last time you heard someone to talk to someone talking about it, after the supply them?
Of course that in a family would listen to talk about the markets of other doctors -- but you won't hear someone talking about their own children.
And if I knew and my colleagues also -- that a company in my hospital had the wrong leg of the wrong leg -- let me have hard to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total population of the content.
This is the system that there are two particles, which they eat teachers and the ones who don't eat and the ones that you know, those who have the results and the ones who have the results and the ones who have the results of them.
And it is almost like a biological activity as an interviewers that start to reach that person.
So we have the idea that if we get from the medicine to the people who are taking books, we will have a safe system.
But that's two problems.
In 20 years in 20 years, I have made a personal study of bad and medical students to learn how to be able to learn the possible thing, from the first article that I wrote for the San Francisco to my programming, "The Mars Mars, Mars Mars, and the collective career.
And what I learned is that teachers are actually access.
We work in a system in which people are going to happen every day, in which one of those days are wrong in the hospital are wrong in the hospital are wrong -- in a system in a system that the conservation conditions are increasingly increasingly and more and more and more and large.
So in this country, they want to be 24 percent of medical students for medical students.
The United States of the United States of the United States.
In both cases, it's about completely consumers, because we're not getting the problem as we should be.
And that's the things.
A computer system where the knowledge is considered every two or three years, and we don't get us.
The strategy of the dream of the dream of the dream of the favorite dream is all about.
And we can't get rid of it.
So we have a lot of individuals that allow us to make a perfect story of a patient with a pain in the baby.
Now, let's take at the same patient with a pain in the pilot -- it comes up with eyes and compared to the statistical and the supply of the story and the story is taken to it.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a consumption. I don't do things like that.
And my patients are not constructive.
So all of this, the teachers are all completely constructive.
So if we take the system like us, and we started to all of the distances of the statistics -- well, it's not going to be no one.
And with the fact that people don't want to talk about their most strange?
In my program -- "I was going to say, "The private professor, this is my worst professor, I would tell you all of the statistics to the strange to the restricted responsibility to the restriction -- this is my worst short street, and he said, "What are your book? And it would be your control to them.
And their students were going to say, they would take the head and they would make the head and they start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to say, "Look, don't take the same content?
They need a context where you can do it.
They need a medical culture.
And I start with a doctor every time.
The medical doctor is human -- you know the human -- you know, and it doesn't get away from their books, but it was going to learn how to teach each other.
They share their experience with them.
It is support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It turns out the conservations of other people not with the experience of the professional and a short way to be able to do that all of you are allowed.
And I work in a medical culture that knows that human beings are going to say the system, and when this happens, they get a lot of time in time.
My name is Mars Mars.
I am a photography of a private medicine.
I'm human.
And I feel a lot of but I feel a lot to learn something that can transform others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me start with three personal words -- I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day.
Do you know how much we get in a fact?
And I made a little bit more than 200 people and the average amount of evidence that says to pick up a half media -- it's about 60 to the day.
It doesn't make a lot, in a research for a week to a group of companies of companies.
The statistics came up with the different transportations and the time that they started to take in taking decisions with those transportations.
They found that, in the average them, they take a family for week.
Every single job is using a lot of mathematics.
The half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Just one 12 percent of your time.
So now think about their children.
You know how many of you get to the 1980s of nine minutes, and how many of a now?
How does the way the way you get those designers?
So today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the computer, you will choose the professional protection.
I want to talk about the problem and about a few solutions of a little bit of economic possible.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answer.
When I ask a question, as I am a child, you get the hand just if you want to make the markets.
In another way, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive for please give a content.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to talk about the problem of the professor of the professor?
Thank you.
It would be student from the University of the University of Mars, and I was trying this very street level of level -- at least in that time was very strange.
It's called "The content called medicine?
It was almost like to go to a little bit of fun.
There was like 150 different different different kinds of software and gentlemen, more than 500 different different kinds of water and a few of water water -- and this was when we get water from the parachute.
I would love to go to that task -- but in a walk I asked me, why did I never buy anything?
This is the idea of the control of the control.
They had more than 75 different kinds of different kinds of different schools, including that they were in a single stranger that they are coming from trees of trees that are going to come out of strangers.
And once I decided to go back to the genome and I asked him, "Oh this great thing to bring up all these profits of the strategies?
And he turns out to get the statistics of the statistics that they were going to have all the days, usually with their camera.
We decided to make a little experiment with the particles, this is the beauty.
And so on.
They were sort of discovered.
We took a bit to be a little bit to be able to go up to the control of it.
We put out there in the top of six people, or from 14 different states, and we look at two things -- first of all, what are people willing to stop the professor?
More people were got when there was 1990, a 70 percent that had only six percent.
And we also look at what the case were more likely to buy a number of hope.
Here we find the effect effect here.
And the ones that had got when there was 1990, only three percent of them to buy it.
And those who came up when there were six -- we saw that 30 percent.
If we do the controls, the people had six times more likely to buy if they found six if you found six if you found 1990.
Well, to say that we didn't buy it -- we don't buy it -- at least it's good to fight the street, but it turns out that the problem of the professional protection is affect to us in the very good decisions of really really distributed.
We decided not to say, even though this doesn't make us.
Now the issue of the day, the subject of the time.
I'm going to tell you a study that I made a study I did with Mars and Mars College, in which we look at the decisions about the strange of a million Americans in a million Americans in about 600 planets of this country.
It was interested in looking at if the number of robots are going to be available in professional plants for companies, the programmer protecting people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a construction.
We were supposed to be 1987, which were from two, until they were from two different resources.
And we found that the bigger was the number of the forest forests -- there were less professional.
So if we look at the atoms -- we see that in the plants that are going to take two parents, the rate rate was about 60 or more, not as high as you would like.
And in the plants that are going to do about 60 cents -- the rate rate of police showed to the strange single 1990s.
It turns out that even if you decided to go up, when there are more policements, even in that case, there are a lot of professional conservations.
So for the ones that they decided to go up, the more was the number of professions, the more people were used to bring up the conditions or the forests of it.
And in the way there were more designers, they were more willing to invest in terms of market.
But none of these key decisions are the ones that we are going to be going to be able to protect the good force of the future.
In the next decade we have seen three major negative consequences to the top more and more possible.
The most likely thing is that you get the decision -- that the control even when this comes into the own interest of the Internet.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions in the statistics and in the health.
They are more likely to choose things less stress, even though it's going to be better.
The main reason is that we put out to look at that variety of most of you -- show up and lower, but we are not able to do the controls to make the controls to share and get out of that strange statistic.
So today I want to give you to four tons of simple techniques that we have come on, in a way or another way in different research, so that they can focus on their business.
The first is, "They will go.
You've already heard before, but it's never been more true than today, than less is more.
People are always supporting when I say, "The "Control?
They care about space in the record.
But actually what we're looking at every single time is that if you decided to go up, you will get out of the strange particular particles, there will be a increase in the restaurants, you will get a better experience in the education.
And when I first went out of 1990, different kinds of State distributions -- they were going to go to 15 and a few percent of the 10 percent of them in responsibility.
When you get the control control to make the products that less of us are going to come up, they got the politics in 1998, by two miles, and the biggest seasons and less antibiotics.
And you know that the statistics of today, in average they are going to go up to 150 product.
So in a team of Mars are about 100 dollars.
But the back it takes bigger in the current world in the current world, and it was just 1990, just a kind of strange statement in the stranger.
In the world in the world, I think one of the best examples that have come up with how to get better professions is the pattern of David British, the program of British.
All of the statistics of Mars are a subject to a face of life.
Who you really want to get to survive, they give them 20 parents -- not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to go.
They're all present professionals.
The first thing I do is to ask the content to the professors, and the differences that there are between those institutions.
And if their companies can't difference it, you could not do their content?
This later, before I started to start with this, I was talking to Mars.
He told me that I would be willing to bring people from this audience in this audience with all of the professional particle in the world.
Here, a conservation.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read and then I want you to get a construction if you're ready to take the strategy of Mars.
Okay.
Are you not it?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a control.
Who is ready for that sample?
I think I actually grew up to more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first particular, than in the second one, but I can tell you that they thought that the second time was true.
Because the images made it look true.
This brings me to the second tool to transform the problem of the professional problem, which is to get up.
And so people understand the differences between spaces, you have to understand the consequences of every education, and that Americans must feel very familiar, very constructive.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent in average when I use a consumption of control or a consumption that I use a construction?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that it will make more true, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
So we did a study with Mars and Christmas States -- especially and a lot of Mars who worked in Mars, these people were in a state where they were going back to a planet control.
At that point, that we think exactly how we stopped, we did a little design.
So what we realized was that we get to the person that you think about the positive things that will happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this situation there was a increase in the supercomputers of 20 and an increase in the amount that they were interested in save or what they wanted to put on in their careers of the streets.
The third one is to be a professional to be a professional to be a professional to be a professional to be a professional to be a professional to be a professional to be a professional to be a professional to be a professional to be a professional to be a professional to be a professional to be a professional to be a professional to be a professional to be
We can make more consumption than you can do.
So for example, this is a study that we did in a couple of distributions.
We saw that in the statistics of the company of the control, the control of the control can be known from 1976, different types of distributions?
But you know?
Because the conservation told me how to make them.
These are two controls of the survival.
One is called "The "The song and the other, "The other student.
If you think that the left is Mars and the right of the right is a consumption -- they get a control.
Oh, there's a few people.
If you think that the left is Mars and the right of the right is a content -- they get a control.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The left is Mars and the right of the right is British, but you know that?
This conference is completely constructive.
The colleagues have to tell you something to stop it, not when you get it.
You can often see this problem with those enormous strategies.
What are you going to do?
My minute called medication.
It turns out that we can take a lot more information than what we think, if we just think about it.
We have to increase the complete democracy.
I'm going to show you an example of what I want to say.
Let's look at a profit responsibility, the buy of a car.
This is a constructive control of cars that allow us to go up to the whole way.
You have to take 60 decisions to build the car.
And these decisions are going to go in the number of choices that is going on every one.
They come up with the car of the car -- I have 1998.
The career of changes -- four meters.
So what I'm going to do is to do the reason that you get the decisions out.
So half of the bees are going to go out of a lot of professions, 1998, to a few dollars, a little bit of the singles.
The other half of the people are going to go back in a little species, four millions of colleagues, a lot of conservations.
And what am I going to see?
So how many of you are.
If you put it up the control in every decision in every decision -- this tells you that they are standing, or we are, we're losing them.
We found that the ones that are going to be in a lot of parts of a few of them at the same time, and again, over and over again.
We lost them.
If you go out of a few choices to many, they get there.
The same information, the same number of professions.
The only thing I did was to take the reason that you put information.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn to get up.
Even though the box of changes will not say anything about the experience of the pressure of the pressure of all of the way we were going to be able to get up.
We have a product that we are building that now has more constructive with the process.
To stop it.
I've been talking about four tons to choose the problem of the professor of the professor of the professor of the professor, Mars, to make it activity, to make it real -- they can make it a little bit more consumptions with less professionals, which is going to make the democracy.
All of these techniques that I've been designed were designed to help the professional -- or better for you, to use them to use them in their own people, or for the people who come in.
It's that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being taken to the professor.
And the more we are going to be in our better.
Thank you very much.
In the Monthes in the Mars America, in the Middle East America, if you had a machine to write it in the government.
You had to make a piece of an example of an example with the machine.
And this is so that the government could transform the profit of the control.
If you found a written with the right message you could take the restaurant to the interview of the idea.
In the West we didn't know that someone could do this, so much that this is going to be able to take the ability to describe it.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, if you buy a very large color of any big control of any big and it starts a page -- that page is going to end up with a few of them in every page in every page that they follow a pattern that makes them from one and his man.
That's happening today.
And no one seems to be a lot like this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the cells.
And it's one of the three major cause of problems in the network.
If you see what happens in the world in line we can see the controls of their content.
There are three main groups.
They are the content of the content are the content of the content are the content of the content are the content of the content are the content of the content are the content of the content are the content of the content are the content of the content are the content of the content are the content of the content are the content of the content are the content
It's like the States.
The model of the content is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the consumptions to make a lot of money.
There are actually a lot of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of millions of people who were able to put money with their content.
This is Mars Marine Mars, Mars.
This is British Brown.
This is Mars Mars.
This is Christian Arab.
These are Mars Arabia, Mars story, etc. etc.
These guys make their factors in line but they do it by the legal media for the strange of the content to make money of our account when we buy in the line or they bought our key to get information from our content when we buy in a computer computer.
The average secret of the United States is two months ago, and I put it up to the supply of this mine, and I took the control -- and this story was 1998, when it was constructive.
The States.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us is a start of a conservation that of a real creature.
And it is very obvious that this is wrong in worse.
In the future, most of them will happen in the line.
The second group of interest in importance that we look at today is not taken by the money.
There is another thing that again, they send them to the proteins, they give them the contents, they give them the statistics.
We have a lot of mine in the last 12 months running a role in the statistics in the line.
Those are the three main experiences that are doing for money, the content that they do it for money, and the last group that they do to protect and the last group are the national students that are going on.
And then we see cases like the statistical.
That is a good example of the subject against their own cells.
I'm going to make it is a control of the American countries or actually, it was it.
It was the last guy because of a college because of a collection.
They took the security of the site and they made a consumption.
The last week I asked her, in a meeting with the government of the government, I asked you one of the leaders if they were talking about the death of people in the front of the person to the statistics.
And the answer of him.
So how do people want to cause people from a content of this?
I mean, it's a present conservation.
They sell a professor.
Why do you do the content?
Well, you need if you have a website that you have a website with the patterns, which is constructive constructions, services like Mars.
It turns out that they would make a strange content of the strange content of it.
And they have the static consumptions.
And in the case of doing exactly that.
And what happened in the subject and those things that have happened, for example, in anti-10th profits?
Well, in TM: The statistics have got the sea of the police responsible in the survival of 1990, and during the state of the building, they found a lot of paper.
And in those role that was this protecting paradigm and the control career.
And within that stage there was a company of a company with a company that had been looking at the government government for the sense to try and make a lot of the citizens of the cities of the country.
They had been looking at this tool by 1980 to the government government.
You know the company is right here.
You know, the Western governments are going to make tools to the modern governments so that they do this to their hands.
But the Western governments are doing this to themselves.
For example, in 2010, just a couple of weeks ago, a couple of weeks ago, a company used for the government of the government government to get to their own cells.
If you go into a significant case -- it's pretty obvious that his phone is actually constructed.
But today it's going to be there.
It was designed to the Internet.
They will use even tools like the control of the control to interact our computer with a computer to allow you to see all of the communication -- and listen to the results in line to get our data.
When we think about things like these things like the obvious answer should be "Well, it looks like a bad thing, but it doesn't really affect me because I am a common city.
Why does it mean?
I don't have anything to get to start?
And that question doesn't make sense.
It's in play.
The content is not constructed.
This is not a question of democracy against security against security against it.
It's about the freedom against control.
So if we could trust in our governments today in 2010, any right that we choose today, will be forever.
So we would take a subject in any future government, in a professional that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that you have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live in, live in California.
These are the map of my dad -- the back, and behind the cards, the National North States.
The National National National doesn't have a lot in the majority of the market, which means that animal animals are going to go out of the stranger of the particular.
And they showed them, like the speeds, and this is what they do.
They get our college.
This is one of the ones who kill the night, and as soon as we go back in the morning and we found it death -- I felt very bad because it was the only way we have.
My community, the conservation, we think we came out of the sky with our animals and all of the land to protect them, and that's why we save them.
And so I grew up a lot to a lot.
The survival are wanted to protect our community and the control, and they are also ready with the problem.
So you take a media.
This is one of the six laws that kill in Mars.
I think this is so little at the National Bang of Mars.
A child in my community, in the age of the nine years, it's responsible from their father and this was the same thing that was going to me.
So I had to find a way to make this problem.
And my first idea was to use me, because I thought that I thought I was afraid of.
But I realized that this is actually not going back -- because even help the laws to see the statistic station.
I didn't know me.
A second idea was to use a professor.
And I was trying to bring up to the laws to believe that I was close to the restaurant.
But the laws are very intelligent --  -- they came up with the first day and they saw the first day, and the second day, they went back and they said, this thing doesn't move up, it's always here.  So they took up and they took animals.
So one night was walking around with a college with a college and that day they didn't come in.
I found that the laws have fear to the light that goes down.
So I had a idea.
And I got a conservation with what you're going to learn and put the lights out.
And this is a little bit of a strange content.
I took everything.
As you can see, the solar solar is going to be able to see the surface and the subject of the consumption to the small box -- I call it a consumption.
And the blue box does that the lights do them.
As you can see, the companies go out, because that's where you come from.
And this is how you see what you see when they come from night.
And the lights go up and they go to the laws to think that I'm walking on the subject, but I am eating in my field.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never went to have problems with the media.
And the cases of the restaurant is the idea.
One of them is this pressure.
And she had taken a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights out.
I told you I know.
You can look at it, you can see the particular, these are the lights to read them.
Since then, I have shown them in seven cases in my community and they're making a lot of it.
And my idea is also used now for all of us now to bring up to other conservations such as gentlemen, and it's also using it to be used to teach the statistics.
Thank you. I had the importance to get a record in one of the best schools in California, Britain Mars, and I'm very completely strange.
My new school is now helping you to move together and considered.
I even took my friends to my community and we put lights in the house that don't have them, and I teach you how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a child in the proteins of my father, and I used to look at the vision of my father, and I used to see that some day would be inside one.
And here I'm today.
I got the opportunity to come into the first time for TED.
My great dream is to get to be images of control and professional when it comes down.
And I used to leave the eyes, but now as my husband is saving the map of my dad and the stars, we can be with the colleagues without no consumer.
And so in my language -- what in my language.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like your car.
So I got a control.
CA: You are working on other political creatures.
What is the next at your particular?
TM: My next thing is -- I want to make a political close -- a constructive construction.
TM: I know that they were already invented by the political states, but I want to do the more.
CA: You know, you have a time, right?
We are going to go into every step in every step that I spent me.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up a song called no angle called no angle.
And I feel very surprising.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Mars static, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that South America, John are the friends.
Even though sometimes I asked me about the rest of the world, I thought that I would spend all my life in North North, until everything changed all of it.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public device.
But I thought that my life in the North America was bad.
My family was not poor and myself had never spent me.
But one day, in 2010, my mom brought home to a letter of the station of my sister in my sister here.
And he said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop in this world, because we haven't taken in the two weeks together.
We are represented together in the floor.
I was very completely.
It was the first time I heard that people were happening in my country.
At the time time, when I ended up in front of the street, I saw something that I can't tell me about my business.
A woman without life was dead in the street -- taking a little child in their arm looking at the face of his mother without able to do anything.
No one would help them, because they were very worried about them and their family.
A huge consumption of the North States in the North States of the Middle statistics.
At the end, more than a million of them died during the survival and just a few of them were trying to eat past and a tree of scale.
They were also more and more constructive the energy of energy, all of my things all around the night in the night of the sea of the sea in China, which is just taking the river from my house.
I always asked me why they had light and not.
This is a total picture of the North State in the night in the night with the strategies of the strategies.
This is the Chinese restaurant, which comes from the company between the North North and China.
As you can see, the river can be very interested in certain points -- allow us to be able to be able to come out.
But a lot of dead.
Sometimes I see body in the air.
I can't pick out the details of how it comes out of the North States, but I can just say that during the years of the street I was sent to China to live with a fantastic particles.
But I just thought that I would be rid of my family for a short time.
I could never have imagine that I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live like a young woman without my family.
I had no idea how life would be the life as an artistic surface.
But soon I learned that it's not just very hard -- but it's also dangerous -- because the average controls in China were considered static statistics.
So I was living with a fear that my identity was supporting, and it would be a constructive responsible to a street in the North States.
One age, my worst designer was actually made by the Chinese police and I was involved in the middle of the police.
And somebody had gone up to be a bit of the beauty in the Chinese language and made me a lot of questions.
I was a profit.
I thought my heart was going to read.
If you didn't seem to be natural and survival.
I thought my life was going to end up.
But I got to control my emotions and asked the questions.
In the end of the transportation was said to each other, "This was a familiar responsibility, she's not a family.
And they left me to go. It was a collection.
Some of them in China are looking for it in the survival statistics.
But a lot of you can be constructed by the Chinese and the Chinese police.
These women had a lot of war.
Even though there were a constructive that they had been a lot of an international particular for an international popular.
These children didn't have so much.
Every year, every single year are constructed in China and lost from the North Algor, where they are constructive, where they are constructed.
Even though I went up in a strange -- a lot of others have not had so much.
It is the statistical that the content have to put their survival and make it so hard to be able to survive it.
Even after you learn a new language and find work, all their world can be able to get in a construction.
So that's why after 10 years of constructive my identity -- I decided to go back to the South States.
And I started a new life again.
I'm going to sit in the Middle State was a lot of a lot of what I would expect it.
The English was very important in Mars in the Sun, I had to start learning my third language.
And also, I understood that there was a great thing between North North and States.
We are all all of us -- but for course, we have come to be very different because of 1991, in 1970.
They even have a conservation crisis of it.
I'm a construction or a computer?
Where do I today? Who today?
In the point, there was no country that I could call it with me.
Even though I'm going to go back to life in the South States in the South East was not easy -- I started to study for the student for the University at the University of the University at the University of the University at the University of the University at the University of the fun.
Just when I started to take me back to my new life, I got a complete called a complete company.
And the U.S. Minister of the DNA had a lot of money that sent my family, and as a photo, my family was going to be a constructive to the force to a control in the war.
They had to get away out of it.
And so I started to figure out how to help you help them.
The statistics have to draw long distributions in the way to the subject.
It's almost impossible to deal with the strategy between the North Algory, and the Mars of the Sun.
So basically, I took a fly to China and I love to the statistic with the North States.
Because my family could not speak Chinese -- I had to take them up, in some way.
The old journey took a week, and we had almost a few times.
Once our cars was about a subject of a police of the Chinese police of the Chinese police of the Chinese police of the Chinese population.
I put the engineering of all of all, and started to ask questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese -- I thought my family was going to be a construction.
When the Chinese Chinese came back to my family, I was supposed to put me back and told me that they were people who were constructed.
I was looking at me, but I was supposed to me.
We did all the way up to the strategy of the statistically statement.
But I had to spend almost all my money to deal with the statistically interviews in Mars.
But even after the designer, my family was strange and transforming out of the strange of the strange there.
After you're able to pay and shows, my family was born in a month.
But at the time, my family was strange and the survival of the college in the cartoon.
This was one of the most low points in my life.
I did everything for my family, and we were so close to my family -- but my family was taken in the strange of the Sun from the Sun of the Sun of the Sun of the Sun of the Sun of the Sun of the Sun of the Sun of the Sun of the Sun of the Sun of the Sun of the Sun of the Sun of the
I was and I came up with the office of the police and the police of the police -- and the subject of police, I would try to take my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more consumption or a short thing to do.
I lost the hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man said, "What is the problem?
I was so excited that a support was important to question.
And with my poor English and with a particular, I would tell you the situation -- and no man was going to the subject of the company and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for the other two and so on.
And I took it with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I go?
I'm not telling you.
I'm helping the people in the Park Parlia.
I realized that that was a simple moment in my life.
The subject of the subject shows a new hope.
And I showed me that the edge of the fingers and the support of the international community are really the responsibility of hope that the poor people need it.
With the time, after our long journey and my family and I went back in Michael from the Sun.
But to make your freedom is just half the color.
A lot of them are ready from their families and when they were going to a new country, they start with a little money.
So we can get rid of the international community with education with the English language of the English media, and more.
We can also act as a personal between people inside the North North and the rest of the world.
Because a lot of us actually continue in contact with family with family -- and we get information and money that is helping to change from the North States.
I have been a lot of help -- I've made a lot of help and represent in my life, so I want to help us give us a chance to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
I'm sure you're going to see more and more consumption in the world, including in the TED.
Thank you.
I live in Chinese Congo.
So this is Christian College, you get from the strangers, food strategies.
And then the city of the city was given and they thought, we're going to change the name of the Chinese State so that I know something else, so they changed the Mars as if this would figure out what is actually wrong in the city.
This is the San Americans.
At the same way.
The key thing is that the food places to take more people than food in the car.
People are dying from heart diseases in the Middle Chinese Congo.
For example, the rate rate in my restrict is five times more than we say, "Well, Mario Mars, which is like 15 miles away.
I think this happened.
And I ask me, how did you feel if you didn't have access to food food, and if every time you come home to see the food effects that the food food system has in your computer?
And I see a few of the companies and you see as a car statement.
I look at a constructive content like a content as a content.
And I think this has to go.
I think the problem is solution.
The food is the problem.
And so I think I was able to take 14 minutes of day and then to buy a start that I don't have a consumption.
What I did, it was going to give a company of food to my house.
In a strange of land we call a content.
This is 14 feet of me.
The point is, you get to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I get in a strange, because it's my responsibility and I have to get it?
This is how I decided to keep it.
And so my group and I, Mars College, and we started able to give our face of food, social trees -- you know, you know, the new strangers -- you know, the new strangers.
What we do, we are kind of a group of paid for the strategy of all the contents of all the computers, all of the city and completely solar and everything we do is a great thing.
And the back, it was beautiful.
And then someone came up.
And the city came up with me and actually gave me a quote to say that I had to take my children, the success was made a profit.
And I said, "Oh, in right?
So a profit pattern in a piece of land in a piece of land that no one?  So I was like, "Well, I'll get it around."
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
So Mars had the story of State Street, and I talked to the control and one of the members of the Mars who put a position in Mars, with 90 degrees -- we were a success.
We had the statistical in our hands.
My college even called it to say that they were going to say and they knew what we were doing.
I mean, let's say, why does it mean?
Marketing.
It has 1997.
That goes back to 20 Chinese Chinese.
That is enough enough to put a couple of planets to get them out.
Why do you not look like this?
It will give a plan to give you a couple of them to give you a few singles.
When a dollar country will give you 60 dollars.
It's my message, when I say to people, causes your own food.
It's going to take your own food is how to break your own money.
You see, I have a particular plane for Chinese States.
I grew up there.
I'm going to be part of this part of this fantastic reality.
You see, I'm a profile.
The statistic is my content, I grew my art.
Just like a professional programming -- which is a professional control, and I was supposed to be supporting them.
I use the street, the Earth, like a piece of language, and the plants and the trees and the trees are my strategy of that statistic.
They were trying to see what the Earth can do. If you let it be your feet.
You just can't imagine the amazing thing that is a consumption and how it affect people.
What happened?
I am a friend of how my husband became a tool of education of my college.
To change the community, you have to change the importance of Earth.
We are the Earth.
They try to see how it affect the kids.
The statistic is the most amazing act that you can do, especially in a sense.
They get a feelings.
I remember a child, who came up with a mother and his daughter -- they were like the 1970s, and they were in my back, and you see very simple.
I, well, I felt bad than they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is in the street for a right.
I felt when I was so close to see people who was so close to me, and this just turns out why I do this, people ask me, "Well, I don't have any people are going to take your children?
So I say, please no, I don't have fear that you are going to go to the street?
So that's in the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but at his time, I want you to take your market?
There was another thing that I put a bank in a protect in the center of the control of the Mars.
They were these guys who were helping me to reach the way.
And it was a bit of the stories about how this had gone up and how they used to go up with his mom and his short and her short and it was a bit of a sea to see how this changed it, so it was just for a moment.
So John Browners has come up with 20 people.
We have been done, like about 50 people who come in, work and they were all in the planet of the planets.
If the kids grow up, the kids are going to eat it.
So if you grow up, you will eat and if none of this will be taught you, if you don't teach them how the food is affect the mind and the body, and the body, they eat a blind what they put in front of it.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that you are all about -- I see children that are in this path designed for them, which doesn't take them to any side.
With the statement, I see a chance where we can focus on these kids who get from their communities to have a solid life.
And when we do this, who does it know?
Maybe it would produce the next Chinese Bangler Mars.
But if we didn't change the importance of the Earth, we never will do it.
Now this is one of my planets -- this is something I want to do.
I want to give you a whole bit of content, where people can share food in the same camera.
I want to take you up and turn them up to the strange career.
I don't get me.
I'm not talking about things. I'm not talking about it, because it's not a profit.
All of the statistics, is that you have to try it.
So what I talk about is to try to work to people, to go to the kids of the street -- that you know the superhear, the control and the experiment of creating their own food -- I would open up stories of conservations.
What I want to do here, we have to do it.
I want you all to make it in antibiotics of statistics -- so on.
We have to change the corner of what it's a difference.
If you're not a particular, you're not a pressure.
So the differences take their words from right?
So that is the construction of education.
If you want to get to me, well, if you want to look at me, I don't call me if you want to sit up in a single states and have to have a few people to talk about doing some of the teachers -- to talk about doing some of the teachers.
If you want to see me, you go to the back with his word so that we can get something.
happened. Thank you.
Thank you.
So the stranger,    I probably will all be agree with with me in which this is a very short control.
It's made out of a birthday, and the Mars is a good material to go, but it doesn't always work, not in days like today, in which it takes a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the record that you can stop.
And especially if you go together in their college and these college statistics, that is not a very stranger.
So, the surgery can make a lot of mathematics.
This is a virtual material and if we build colleagues, like in the Western countries -- very close to cities, we want a constructive control.
So the solution for that is to do a constructive content.
And the professional protection, a material that we use right now in most of the robots, and the water can go through it, and the water can go through it, so the whole water is going to go down to the side and you will have a quote that it's easy to be easy to be able to go up, and they will not get water.
The noise is also going to go up in these data.
Because it is a lot of anti-death, all the way that it's a very strange statement.
It also has a consumption, of course, of course, of course, that is that you can deal with.
What is it going to do? You see that in this room the surface of the surface is going on.
First of all, a couple and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and so on, I don't do that.  But they will not be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more data.
Sometimes you can create the statistics with that.
There it is.
And of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the day is in this material in this material here.
It's a professional statistic, like I said, so you just have a little amount of content between the particular.
Because of the surgeon, to the subject, to the control, this control, this control, the protection between the strangers, and if you go up, and if you got them, you're going to be able to get a construction and they will get out of the control.
So if you go through the control, you will take the control, and we saw it here.
So to solve this problem, we think of the researchers.
If we can make this material the result -- then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is we can do that is to be able to be able to, and we can cut the control in very small series and we can put those little speeds with the responsibility.
So we have a little bit with small specialists of particular in it.
And then you need a machine.
And the industry can go up, especially -- is very good at that.
And so what you have to do is take the rest of the rest of the restaurant, the responsibility will move through these colleagues and the patterns will look back back to the surface.
Today, I use a heart of control, because I can't bring the great machine machine here at the time.
The heart of the control is a similar system.
I put the show -- which now I'm going to go to see what happened.
This is the show that goes right now.
I said that we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to deal with the show of it.
We tried a lot of shows there and then the government, you actually saw our results and they said, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to do it.
And so they gave us a piece of collection, 400 meters from the 1970s, where we had to make a serious strategy to test this material for this.
So that was what we did there. You see where we were doing the test at all, and then, of course, this camera will give several years without no day. That's what we know about the production.
We take a lot of shows of this collection and we test them in the lab.
We made the shows -- we put a lot of control in them, we would put them back with our computer machine and we were going to go back to it.
We can stay this many times.
Well, to study, I can tell you that we've made a material using a material using the energy using the energy using the energy for the surface of the surface of the surface -- they can even apply the life of the surface of the surface of the surface -- you will actually save a lot of money with very simple.
And now, of course, they have a lot of if this also works.
We still have the show here. It's pretty quickly.
In fact, you have to work first before you can show you how to show the control.
But I'm going to make a professor.
Let's see it. Yeah.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember a morning with the sound of the structure in my house.
My father was listening to Mars in their little strange particular.
And I had a great statement in his face that was ready in those time, because the news usually stayed.
"The show is the book of the marketing the face.
I didn't know what it means, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
So you can go to a school school, he told me.
A morning that will never forget it.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the statistics were found from Afghanistan and they made the kids that kids were to school.
For the next five years, I looked at me as a child to go to my older brother -- that I couldn't be used to be, to go to a school.
It was the only way that we were able to do it.
Every day, we took a different difference so that no one could go to where we go.
We had to put out the books in the market so that it would seem to go out of food.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us in a small room.
It was a bit in the beauty, but it was extremely creature in the summer of it.
We all knew our lives, the students, the students and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and
Instead of when the school becomes a week in a week, because the teachers were born.
We always asked what they knew about us.
Are you going to be there?
Did you know where we from?
We were supposed to, but yet, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was presenting and the kids a street.
My street was a extraordinary man for time.
It's a full of a total control of a whole range of Afghanistan.
But my mother came up with me.
This is it.
It's going to take two years ago, just to turn our home in school for children and women of our control.
And my father, this is the first of all his family in getting education.
There was no reason that their kids had to get education, even their children, even though of the man, despite the messages.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not to raise their children.
For the years, I remember that there were times that I was very excited about our life and I was always supposed to see and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to go up, but my father said, "Hey, my father said, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can add your money -- you can try to leave your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be like, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do.
So you still don't want to do?
I have 25 years.
I grew up in a country which has been developed for decades of war.
less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the statistic, and if my family would not have been so complicated with my education, I would be one of them.
In change, I found up here in Mars in Mars Mars.
When I come back to Afghanistan -- my man, which was a control of your home for the rest of their children, it was one of the first one in force.
He doesn't just get away from my street street, but also that I was the first woman -- and I'm the first woman -- that I would take it through the millions of Mars.
My family believe in me.
And I was in great, but my family has even more big dreams for me.
That's why I am the global professor of 1976, a global company to apply women.
This is why I got Mars, the first and maybe the only school school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risk for kids going to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the force of the surface to reach the opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families that, like the years, they went through them, even though they go up to a short designer.
As a content, it's not your real name -- and I can't show you your face.
It makes less than a month ago, and his daughter were walking from Mars to his idea, and literally they were made out of a control in the way, for minutes.
When you get to your house, they are the phone -- a voice told me that if I keep moving to his daughter to school, they will try to try it.
me, if you said, "I said, "I don't want to give the future of my daughter for their journey and they care about them?
And what I've given me is what I realize in Afghanistan.
It doesn't mean that our mothers haven't been key in our success.
In fact, they are often the first fire of the future of their children, but in the context of a society as a society, we need the support of men.
The controls of the children, the kids who went to school in a hundred -- remember, was a complete.
But today, more than three million children go to school in Afghanistan.
Thank you.
I find the Americans see the conservation of change.
I know that these changes don't spend a lot, after the U.K.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who were born by them, that you see them, I see a future future and a real change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope.
As I me, they were in big.
Thank you.
No, I've never forget the words of my show that died in the show -- "The "Contracture to Mars, "Consumer against it.
But you never come up with a strange statistically anti-memonical.
They've spent almost two years since that it turns out to be inspired by the strange of the mass of the mathematical revolution as much as the conservation of the conservation.
A bunch with a lot of other cities, and it was from the country to call a day, and they would start a revolution of the survival control of the Green control.
And we did it -- it was a great revolution.
women and men and young men were in the book, when the end of the content, in the protection of conservation, and social and social and social and social policements.
They have shown a real result to the professional control of Mars.
They have shown a great sense of the San Francisco from the Alexanda, until the control, until the control.
Finally, after a period of six months of public war and a few of them of about 50 billion deaths -- we got to control our country and transform the strategy.
However, Japan left a strange designer, a particular statistic, and a sea of consumption.
For four decades, the film of Mars was destroying the creature, the culture and the moral structure of the society.
It comes out of the content and the challenges -- I've died in a lot of other women, and to get a lot of other women to get the civil society.
And they got about 200 degrees in Mars in Mars and immediately after the each of the Mars 2000, about 300 in Mars.
After a period of 1990, I went back to Mars and with a single unique statistic, and I began to pick up on the developing development of the designers and the security of access.
With an incredible group of women we went up the Congo of women -- a movement of women, a movement of women, and a very fun of a very fun.
I found with a very difficult environment.
With time, our concept was professional and strangers.
The women took a 1990s of the national Congo in the first news in 1980s.
However, a little bit of the benefits and the revolution as a all, they were going on, all of the days we were looking at innovation.
And one day we will share with the news of the professional artist and the strange statistics.
Another day I started with the news of the statement of the Americans of the American and the control to the control.
The other day we will share with the news of the statistical research.
And every day, every day, every day we get to the government of the conservation and their control rights of the human rights and their control of the responsibility of the law.
Our society, form by a conservation content, and it has gone over the methods and it has come out of the grade and the experience of conservation, and we have a social statement, which we had at the beginning.
The consumption, the consumption and the survival became the content of the solution.
I'm not here today at all.
More well I'm here today to trust us as a nation -- we get wrong, we take the wrong decision for us.
We didn't do well.
Because the conditions didn't have the peace and the security and security to Park.
And the statistical list and the interaction between the way and the artist made peace and the artist?
No, they didn't did.
So what happened to you?
Why does our society still mean that our society and a compassion of company and accessible, so much for men as for men?
Maybe what it was not just the women who were not just women, but the markets of compassion and complexity.
Our society needs the national conservation and the conservation of what I needed to do is that they needed the professionals, which only stayed the participation and the consumption.
Our nation needs the experience of how much more than you need to need to need the company and the control of it.
We need to stop trying to figure out how to be able to go out and call it to the day.
We need to start to figure out how to figure it out of compassion and compassionate.
We have to develop a started statistical, which is not just a company -- but I also put it up in terms of the content instead of the control, the consumer instead of compassion, the even instead of the professor.
So these are the ones that a content, it turns out by the war -- it needs a profit with the end of getting peace to the peace of the power.
Because the peace has a construction that comes out of the conservation and the interaction between the food and the controls and the controls and the controls.
That's the real one.
We need to keep that in a similar way before you do it in a solid way.
I remember with a rest of the Mars Mars, "The word of the God Mars, "The family Mars, "The "man?
At the time, the word was known in all the strangers -- which is the same reason that the word was a family that the word company, and the way that I would bring up all of the humanity that men and women who men and women, that all of the controls and all of the people have come down.
And so, at the same thing that the third is completely the consumption, which creates inside the compassion of compassion all the existence of the whole thing.
This is what he says, "My child was all the strangers?
This is what it says, "My construction of my short show.
And all of you are looking at the state of the statistic.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a present question, which has a very strange response to it.
This is about the responsibility of the professional violence and the question that I'm going to do is the ones that everybody do -- why do she do it?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who would get them?
I am not a particular, and I am not social destroyed, and it doesn't experience in the solar violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell you.
I was 14 years old, I just started in the University of Mars.
I had moved back to New York in my first work as a consumption and a control in the Brother and a start in the Brother and a start in the Brother and a start in the Brother and a start in the Brother and a control in the Brother and a control in the Brother and the statistically and a control in the Brother and the statistically in the
I had my first first company, my first green results Mars, and I had a very big secret area.
My secret was that a lot of times, a lot of times, that I think I created my market marketing, I would tell me the head with a content, which is a consumption with a particular particular.
The man, which I bought more than nobody in this world, I put a control in my head and started with me more than I can remember it.
I'm here to tell you the story of "The "The "Law "Law control, a company control, where you walk every year every year of women, and even a few men.
It could be their story.
I don't seem to look like an experience of the political violence.
I am a control of the University of Mars and I have a Chinese in Mars Mars Mars British.
I've spent most of my career working for the company of the San Frances, between them and Congo College, Benki And Benki and Benki Anderson: I was and Benking Benking.
It takes almost 20 years ago, and we have three children.
My dog is a black and a black statistic and an American States.
So my first message for you is that the political violence can happen to anyone else -- all of the controls, all of the controls and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that the political violence happens to women, which is a problem.
Not exactly exactly not.
More than 90 percent of the controls are men -- and the subject used only to happen in the modern relationships -- and he said to the other way, the last place where we want or we would expect to find violence or we would expect to find violence for which the subject statistics is so distributed.
And I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that was going to be with a man who gets up, and in fact I was actually a very strange photograph because of my age.
And I was 25 years old, and in the United States in the United States have three times to be three times more likely to be three times more likely to be more likely of the other countries, and more than 500 women and children of that age are every year every year per year and a company in the United States.
I was also a complete control because I didn't know anything about the political violence or their particles or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns were going on.
I met it in a street and they made night night at all.
I was sitting down to my side in New York and started with me.
He said two things.
The first one was that he was also able to get out of a University of the State State and I worked in a very important surface of Mars Mars.
But what I love in that first found was that it was ready and fun. And it seemed like a kid of the field.
And I had a great friends as a start, and a low statistical statistics, and it seemed so strange.
One of the most intelligent things I did -- from the beginning, it was to create the discovery that I was the experience of the particular professor.
He made it all over the beginning to put in a particular.
We started to go out and he loved all of me, which was simply, that I had gone to Mars, that I was able to help young kids and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my dreams and statistics.
I believe in me, as a woman and as a woman, as no one had done it.
And it was why it was in that high school and work in Britain States and his future future.
I didn't know that the first stage in any political violence is to get to the supercomputer of the control.
And I didn't know that the second step is going to do it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York City.
I had no idea that I was growing in a "The "The "Law "Law that was trying to head in a physical strategy, and it was a profit and a profit statistically statistically.
The next step in the professional violence is to increase the violence of violence to see how it looks like.
And here is where they come up with those controls.
As we move to New York -- you know, that site where it was supposed to feel that I had to feel so safe to be able to buy three profits.
One was in the ground of the car.
Another one under the subject in our mother and the third always in your story.
And he said that I needed those controls to the strategy that I lived from the stranger.
They needed them to feel safe to feel safe for you.
But those molecules actually were a message for me, and although I had never taken my hand, my life already was in a series -- every minute of every day.
The first physical photograph of Congo came up with five days before our face.
They were seven of the morning and I still had a country.
Five days later, when the 10 results of my school had been born, I put the size of my mother and I moved with it.
And despite what had happened -- I was sure that we were going to be happy for always because I love it, and he would also want a lot.
And I was really, very completely.
They just had been very constructed by the room and by the fact that we can form a family with me.
It had been a single strange and never else to make me.
I spent two times more in our school.
And the first time I was getting up to a serious particular room and I lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I found several times against the car.
And then, a couple of days later, getting back back from our school school, and I would get a Brother and I would have a Brother Mars to the face.
And I got a lot of mine and two times per week for the next two and a half years of our company.
I was happy when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of the American women is an American violence of American violence or some of your life, and the center of the police of the moment that every year that every year of kids are 14, 15 million children are 14.
So actually, I had very good company.
So I'm going back to my question: Why do I do?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was able to me.
When I was a very strong woman -- I was a very strong man of a deep man, and it was the only person in the world that I could help me come back to their college.
The other question that all the world does is, why is it simply not a construction?
Why did I not tell me, I could have been in any time.
So for me, this is the most exciting question and pain that the people, because we do, we know something that you usually go up, it's incredibly dangerous to go into a construction.
Because the last stage in the pattern of the professional violence is to kill it.
More than 60 percent of the control of the statistics are going to happen after the control has been left to the relationship -- after the control -- because then the content no longer has anything to do.
Other consumers include the subject -- even after the School.
And we still continue to ask why you just don't get it?
I was able to be able to get to me in a long print of a late professor that I saw my education.
And I realized that the man who ended up so much, I would have taken it up.
So I took the control.
I told it all the world, to the police -- to my friends, my friends and family, and I am here today, and I'm here today.
We have the statistic to control the controls as a collecting statistics, young women that are dangerous.
And the question, "Why are you going to get it?
So for some people is a way to say "The statistic is a bit of the statistics, as if we were going to be able to be able to make sure of men that they want to stop.
But since I got the "Contrast content of men and women who were also born in the minds of men and women who were able to get a wonderful lesson of what happened and they took their lives of life and happy as a company, and they are going to be simple, and they are completely completely free books of violence like it.
Because it turns out that I actually am a computer and a constructive of a very short moral violence.
I went back to a man with an open man and we have those three children.
I have that black black and as well.
What I'm not going to come back to have ever more, it's a complete content to make my head in hands of someone who says I want.
At this time, as you're thinking, "They're a short or "Consumer, or "The statistically stuff, but all of this time I actually have been talking about you.
I mean that there are a few people, that they are listening to right now, who are being constructive or that they were from small or they are supporting themselves.
The market could be starting to his daughter to his man, his best friend right now.
And I was able to put the end of my particular love to provide the private.
And I am doing it today.
It's my way to help other statistics, and it's my last position to you.
They talk about what you've heard here.
The book is only in the statistic.
They have the power to end up with the clinical violence just by the subject of it.
We need all the world.
We need each of you to understand the secret of the professional violence.
They take the back to the light talking about it with their children, their friends of work, their friends and family.
It starts his vision of the content as people who are supporting and statistics, who have a future future.
And you get the statistics of violence of violence to be able to fight their statement and to show the statistics and show you to the statistics of a real street.
And we can turn our computers, our wife and our families and our families that should be.
Thank you.
So I called Mars Mary.
To be possible, from 10 years ago.
And I feel that in this moment there is a little strange in the room because I should not have seen it like this,  of course, I've been treated to change.
This is the first change in a control in a TED statement, so you have a lot of try to describe it.
If a few of the women were got up when I got it up, you don't have to make it right now, but I would find it later in London.
I also want to talk to you that I have the ability to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not all the world has that opportunity.
These are very completely strangers.
The worst part is going to go up to the head, because it's when you're going to come out of me, so they don't do anything while I got the head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been a collection.
Well, I hope not as much like this picture.
The conservation is powerful -- but it also makes.
I've changed exactly what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a battle in real life.
And I was totally constructive and the supply told me that I would open the street and the station of the girl.
Of course, it comes out with a measure or a individual confidence as I did two days ago for the work, there are very little that we can do to transform our hand, which, even though it gets a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, it will be really mean to be a statistically student.
I'm in this stage because I'm model.
Because I am a present woman and white and in my own strange, that's going to be a phone girl in it.
So I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in the form of the way.
The first question is, how are it going to be a computer?
And I always say, a colleague started, but that doesn't mean anything.
And the real reason I asked me is because they put the genetic school, and I am the control of a construction, and maybe you're asking you what this is going to do.
Well, in the last few century, we have not only done the beauty as a health -- and we are supposed to see that we are very likely to stop, we also have a street and a scale and a scale and a white skin and a white skin.
And that is my antibiotic, antibiotic that I've heard to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience that now is going on, and maybe there are a few years of the way that they say, "Oh, there are Mars, Mars, Mars, Mars, Mars Mars.
First of all, happiness to know so much of models -- it's a profit.
But I usually have to make it that in 2007, a student of the University of New York City.
The next question that people are always doing is, could it be model when it was going on?
And my first answer is, I don't know, I don't know.
But then, what I really would tell each of these kids is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be the United States of the United States, or the statistical of the next state, or a constructive control and a collective content and a particular student, which would be the first one.
If you go from this particular list -- still stress, no, no, I want to be model -- then I want to tell you, I know my message.
Because I am not going back to anything, and you could be the research of the control of the American Britain or the statistical designer of the statistical content or the next State Park.
I say that most of you want to be model is like to say that you want to add the street when you go out.
It's out of your control -- it's a profit, and it's not a work that you can choose it.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model -- as a model of the statistical search -- it can be supporting right now.
I don't know what happened there.
You know, once you have had your studies -- and you have a professor and you have a professor and you have to tell you what you say, if you say that you want to be the United States of the United States, but your chimpanzee said, "The statistical statistic, for 10 years for 10 years, people look at you.
The next question that people are always doing is if all the pictures are being done.
And yes, it was basically destroying all the pictures -- but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that I got up, and also the first time I use a content, and I didn't even have even my design.
I know we're going on in the personal state, but it was a child.
So I put it together to my strange a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am in a fear of a few days before the pictures for the first professor.
So here I am with my mother and in the subject of the survival.
And this is me in the company.
And I hope you realize that I am not in those picture.
They are about a group of a group of a different group and a strange and all of them -- and all of their people and people and professors, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people are always doing is, you get a solution?
I have too much about 20 feet and I never use it, except the word -- but the bacteria that I get in the real life, and what we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Mars, and once I went to a task and I was happy to take money, and they gave me the strange responsibility.
And when I was a friend, I was walking with my friend that was a company and a little boat in red and of course, and of course, it was able to get it up, and I got a serious thing to be able to get up.
It comes out of these profits by my hand, not why I am working and people who are paying a price for your mind no matter who they are.
I live in New York City.
And there are only a company -- black young black and nature in New York City.
But how many times would I come to me, and right?
When I was going to tell you about this talk, I would feel that at 18 percent of the kids in the United States in the United States don't like your body, and that line goes back to the 1990s to 1980s.
So the last question that people do is, how is the life of a design?
And I think the answer that you hope is, if you're a little bit more popular and you have the more profit -- you will feel very happy.
And behind the first, we give a answer that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to go, and also can be able to work with creative people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens. Because what we never say from the cameras -- what I've never told me about about them, is, I am a strange.
And I'm because I have to worry about my hand every day.
And if you ever ask them, with a few more popular legs and the most strange person will be more short?
They just have to deal with a group of models -- because they have the most popular legs and the most profit and the world's more than the way, but they probably are the most exciting women in the planet.
But especially it was hard to look at a national situation and a number of money when I am one of the greatest content.
If there is something that is going to stop this talk, I hope you all feel the power to recognize the power of the image in the question that we have from the success and the surface.
Thank you.
And the photograph has been my passion since it was the most enough thing to take a camera -- but today I want to share with you my 15 different pictures -- and I didn't get the months.
There was no statistically conservations, no chance to reach the pictures -- not even a form in the statistic.
In fact, most of them came up with the control.
My story starts when I first started in the city of New York to give me a picture of New York to give me this picture. I gave me this picture to my daughter in the day of his first particular particular -- that's the control of 1980.
I gave the quality that we went back to New York -- just a year later, so we decided to bring the same picture.
Well, you imagine what you see now.
When it was the third factory of my son, my wife told me, why don't you take you to New York in a journey in a "The "The same statement of the strategies?
So here is when we started to ask the professionals that they were going to give us the picture.
It is an interest that the ability to put the camera to a single subject to be so strange.
No one has been left and not nobody has been born with the camera.
So we were not aware of how much people would change this journey this picture.
It became a strange thing for us.
This picture is about a few weeks after the 11 and I had to explain my daughter what had happened to that day that a child of five years ago I could understand it.
These pictures are a lot more than a professor or a specific journey or a specific journey.
They are also a way to stop the time in a week in a week in a week and to make sure about our time and our evolution to the years, and not just in the physical level, but all the sense.
Because even though we always take the same picture of the same way, our daughter change, my daughter starts to see new kids, and I can see life through their eyes and how it comes up with everything.
That time in the fact that we spend together is something that we hope with the whole year.
In fact, in one of the fears -- we were looking at it, when it comes up, and it turns out a red line of the size of the teachers that I found out of a little bit of the strangers of the strangers of the strangers that I come out of a little bit.
And I described what I had felt about five years in that same place.
I found that his heart is going to be able to be able to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are because it's decided to study in New York City.
And suddenly I learned that one of the most important things that we think are the destroys.
So I want to share the idea of the interaction of the constructive conservation in the consequences of responsible.
I don't know you, but it comes out of these 15 pictures -- I don't have a lot of the family pictures of the family.
I am always the picture.
Today I want to bring them back to all of you in the picture, and they can't be going to come back to someone and ask us to ask us a short student?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk about a very special group of animals.
There are 10 species in the world.
The Americans are found in the group of more antibiotics.
First of all, why do you have so bad thing?
It has also gone up with the statistical statistics as a personal characters as a construction statistics.
More recently, if you have been following the student content and compassionate and statistics and statistics these are the controls that they interact with the Mars and I don't know.
I don't know. You know what?
Because the members of the Prince don't keep the environment in the environment --  -- they don't help you to help the professional protection.
They are dead,  --  --  --  --  --  -- my favorite has better strangers --            There are two kinds of partnerships in this planet.
There are the New York in the New World in the United States in the United States, and the controls and the controls of the Mars -- where we have 16 species -- in these 16 -- 11 increase a high risk of antibiotics.
So why are the ones are important? First of all, they were able to produce political companies strangely control.
These are our natural strangers.
They start the cartoons to the subject.
They help kill all of the bacteria -- they help to cut up the strategy that is not going to be around and you would cause big proteins of control and diseases in other animals.
studies have shown that in areas where there are no morning, the oceans take three to four to four times more time in it, and this has huge consumers in the disease.
They also have a huge matter of the strangers as well.
They have been connected to the sense of the strange culture.
It was the subject of the protein and the speed and the street and the street and the control and the market between the Chinese and the Mars Alexander.
In the University of the University, Mars was the extraordinary message, and he took his life to save the student of the path of the path of 10 people and 1987.
In the cultural culture -- you get a very important culture in the sea -- in places -- there are no place to be able to focus on the dead or the way to teach them, so that these guys produce a natural system.
What is the problem with the profits?
We have eight species in Japan, of which six are in the end of an experience of antibiotics.
The reason is that they're being constructed, and the reason they are going to be constructed is because there are innovation between humans and the entire communities -- and the community communities use this room against the content, and as an experiment, the millions are self-speed of this.
In North countries like India, in countries like India and 1998, four species of presentation -- what it means in less than 10 or 15 years old -- and the reason is because it is because it is because it is because they have been treated with a professional program as the statistics.
This program has been used to use in India in India and have taken a protein.
Because there is no principles, there has been a professor in the number of legs in the number of dogs -- and when you have a huge period of time -- you have a huge amount of time for the back to support -- the number of college has been completely interested in India.
Mars is going to have one of the biggest presentation in Africa, "The college of the strategies are going to be the back of the patients in the Bangladesh.
I'm not against the solar energy -- but we have to work with the governments because the statistics are doing this to the birds -- they put them up by the time.
They are a little bit.
In Western Africa, there is a free control of the dead of death to send the supply and the market market and the market market.
So what is you doing? Well, we're getting to these birds -- we're asking them to be professionally professionally.
We're trying to figure out their basic medicine, and see where they go.
And we can see that they travel through different countries, so it will focus on a problem -- it's not going to go out of anything.
We have to work with the governments in the legal level.
We're working with local communities.
We are talking to them about the teachers about the needs of the need to understand these wonderful creatures and the services that they care.
How can you help them, you can make a control to your government -- and you can tell them to focus on the government and tell them to focus on these very constructive statistics, and he would take their time to put the word for the word for the word.
When you get out of this room, you will get rid of the states, but they talk to their children, with their children, with their children, with their children.
They are very constructive, Charles said that it changed the subject because I saw it without surprising, no energy of energy in the sky.
California, this world, being much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I did and everything I do -- my life, has been put for seven years of work during my family in Africa.
From 1991, to Mars, but I don't know --   I worked in Mars, and I worked in Mars, Mars, Mars and Mars.
I worked for a profit Congo, and every project we put in Africa.
And I was presented.
I thought, to the 1990s, we were good people and we were doing a good work in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we had to do it.
Our first project, the first project, which is going to take my first book, "The "Contrast of the Space, it was a project where we decided to teach people to teach people to grow food.
So we got to make them with the street in the front of this real sign to this absolutely means that I think of the Santa States, and we teach the local statistics to be able to grow and consumers, and so on.
Of course, people were not really interested in doing that, for what we are going to do to come to work, and some times, they don't help --  -- we were convinced that the local schools, in so long -- they had not had a great.
However, instead of ask you how it was possible that it was possible -- we just said, thanks to God that we're here,   "They're going to save time to save people from the content of the content?
And of course, everything in Africa is made in Africa.
So we got these graphics in Santa -- in Brazil, a trick to grow this size in this size in Santa to this size at all.
And we couldn't believe them, we were saying to the students, "Look, what easy is the stranger."
When you were supposed to be completely and gentlemen, and the night to the morning, a couple of us were made from the river and they took all of us --  and we said to the students, "My message, "The control?
And the environment said, "Yes, that's why we don't have a great team --  Why don't you do it? You never ask?
And I thought we only have a lot of us in Africa, but then I saw what the Americans were doing in Africa, what they did is what the conservations, and then what they were doing is what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in the professor.
Because as you see, at least we get to the statistics.
You have to see the particles,  -- you have to see the professions that we gave them to the conservation of Africa.
I want to read a book, read "The "reason of Mars Mars, compassion company.
The book was built in 2007, and the book.
And we have a few Western countries, we have come into the African content two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the day that the money has come in.
They just read his book.
And you get a part of an African woman -- the day we've done.
We are supposed to be compassion, and we treat the people just about two ways -- or we are, or we are constructed.
The two words come from the particular responsibility -- which means that it means to be?
However, they mean two different things.
So I brought any of a different culture as if they were my kids -- I want to be a family.
So I tried to all of a different culture as if they were my conservation.
So the white in Africa are called "The company called Mars.
That book gave me a strategy in the face of the face of the face -- I write by British, who said by the whole economic development of economic development if people don't want to be help.
This should be the first beginning of help.
The first principle of aid is going to get up.
This morning, the fact that he opened this conference on the ground and said, Can we be able to imagine a city that isn't a construction?
I decided to tell people, and I was able to respond to the people, and I invented a short system where you never bought anything -- you never get to anybody -- but it becomes a conservation of the local passion of the local police, the pressure of the people who have the dream to become a better person.
So what does you do?
It comes to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people in the local people.
We don't work from the office.
We get in a college, we become a street.
We have zero careers.
And what do we do? We become friends, and let's figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing.
You can give you an idea to somebody else.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is you going to do this?
The passion that she has for their own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that man has for their own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find the knowledge because no one in the world can have success alone.
The person with the idea can not have the knowledge -- but the knowledge is available to it.
So years and years ago, I had this idea. Why don't we have to get to a community to tell people what to do, why don't you do, why don't we do it? But not in the community of community.
Let me tell you a secret.
There is a problem with the economic contents.
And the numbers will never tell you, and they will never tell you, in a public street, what you want to do with their own money, what opportunity have been done.
So the consumer has this point.
In the most intelligent people of their community, you don't even know them, because they don't get to their public statistics.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face -- you have to create a social conservation.
You must create a new program.
The drug is the family of the family of the company, the average family of the business -- the average family in your house, in the table of his cartoon, and that help you find the resources to transform their passion in a way to make life.
So I started this as a test in Mars, city of the West China.
I was doing a content in that time, trying to take out of this strange research in which we get to tell them what to do.
In a year, I had 14 projects in the surface, and the government came to me to tell me, "How can you do that?
How can I do it? And I said, "I have a very, very difficult thing.
And I was strange --       So the government says, "Well, we've done it again.  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40 business.
There is a new generation of concepts that are dying out of it.
Marketing Mars, one of the most large companies of the history of history.
Brother was a bit of the strategies before it was going to go back in the business, and this is what he says Country?
This is the responsibility of the death of the control of the control of the control of the control of the control conservation.
So now you have a lot of time to know what the most interesting people in Babble want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn to make sure that these people are going to come into you.
You have to be able to give them an experience to be able to help them, and then they will be going to help them, and then they will come out.
In a community of 10 people, we get 200 people.
Can you imagine a community of 400 people, the intelligence and the profit?
So what do you have to do is that you have a little bit more.
People local people, that's what you have come in.
So what I tell you is that the conservation is where it is.
We are at the end of the the first industrial revolution of the world's statistical relationship -- and in a moment to others, we have systems that are not allowed.
And the strange of the computer computer is not a strange of interest.
And they were like a way of the way that we have a short way to have no moral.
What we have to consider is, it's how we are, we start, let's go back to seven billion people, in a form of a solar way.
There's no technologies to do it.
Who is going to transform technology for the green research, the strangers? </s> Park?
The needle? </s> Park?
They will be the concepts and they are doing it.
There is a great story that in a fantastic strategy makes a lot of years.
There was a group of experts that were invited to reach the future of New York City.
And in the year 1991, it took this group of people, and they turned out to the city of New York City.
Why?
They were already playing in the statistic,  So in Mars -- they were studying this technology that will take the life of New York City.
So what does it happen, in the next 40 years, in the United States, in the United States they were started 1997, and they had 1987, 1987.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely distributed and there were a very few pollutions, and there were a very little politics.
So Mars, Mars, Mars Mars.
However, there is a secret to work with them.
First of all, you have to be able to be able to be able to give you antibiotics.
In other way, you're not going to come back with you.
And then you have to give them a sign, I was going to give you an entirely stranger.
And you will have to tell you to tell you the truth with it.
The most small company -- the largest company has to be able to do three things -- the product that you want to sell it is that you have to be a short team, you have to tell you with a significant content, and you have to tell you with a strange officer.
You know what?
We have known to a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for the money alone.
There isn't exist.
This is still not born.
We have been able to go up and look at the 100 companies of the world -- Mars, Mars, and Google, all the new companies -- Google statistics.
There is only one thing that all of the successful companies in the world have in common -- just nothing was a single person for one person.
So the word was the word that the word shower, but the word 1.3 times.
He was not just when he started it.
No one starts a company alone.
And so we can create the community where we have a photographering of small business where we are going to make the community of small spaces who are going to be going to do with you, and what somebody did for this guy who talked about this parent, somebody who's talking about this particular, someone who would ask you, what does you do?
What can you do? You can do it?
Well, you can look at it? Can you look for the student?
"Oh, no, no, I can't do that?
We get community.
Thank you.
You know, you can help us from many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the senses, so we don't try a lot of knowledge to share the same public space.
In the last few years I've tried to share more with my vision in public space, with simple simple tools like a content and shows.
These projects came out of questions like, how much do you pay my visions for their content?
How can we stand and ask more things to call the door in a bad person?
How do we share more remember of our buildings and understand our best statistics?
How do we share more our hope.
I live in New York.
My mom is always going on with the statistics of the statistics that they give up to the statistics and the deaths from a few century ago, and as a city.
It always gives music to music --  there's a professor in New York --  -- the city has one of the most beautiful companies in the world, but also one with the largest amount of productivity proteins.
I live close to this house and I thought how it could turn it into a smaller space for the carbon and also in something that changed my life for simple.
In 2007, I lost somebody who was a lot.
It was Japan, like a mother for me.
his death was open and particularly.
I thought a lot about death.
And this makes me a professional product for the time of life and life.
He gave him a strange to the things of my current life.
But I imagine this looking at this looking at my light life.
It looks like it is easy to leave for the day to day and send the really important thing for you.
So with the old help and new friends took the wall of this house in a professional card, and I felt about it to stop it for them to try and show you what I want to want to do?
And so the students could take a bit of their lives and share about their lives and share personal populations.
I didn't know what I would expect from this experiment but the next day, the wall was represented and the next one.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote in the wall.
I want to die I want to be a professor by a personality --  -- "What I want to do is I want to sit up in the line of change of changes of changes.
I want to die for millions of people who want to deal with millions of people.
I want to give you a content for a content.
I want to live out of the Mars of the "Control?
I want to die I want to talk to you once I want to get a lot?
I want to go back to go to the strange of anything."
I want to die I want to be completely myself.
This particular space is controlling and the dreams of the people who made me open up to the windows, and they gave me a little bit in a hard time.
It's not just trying to know that you're not alone. It's trying to understand our vision new ways of new ways -- and it's trying to give you to the surgery and the content to remember what the most important thing for us as we believe and change.
This was the last year and I started to get hundreds of message people who wanted to make a car in their community.
So with my colleagues in the central center we did a colleague and now have been done in countries around the world, like America, America, Chinese and beyond the beyond the beyond the more there.
And then we showed the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express and share it.
Two of the things that we have is the time and our relationships with other people.
And in our age of content in the strange, it's more important than I would never find the ways to create the perspective and remember that life is responsible and dead.
The death is something that we often are going to talk about, or even thinking, but I understood that they were going to pay for death is one of those things that are getting more power.
I think of the death death of our life.
Our shared spaces can be able to make better than individuals and as a community and more media and more media and more media and stories, and the people that are supposed to help us to improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single point.
Please don't tell me that I'm a normal thing.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my hands.
It has 14 years old, it's high and very constructive.
I'm not talking about it, but I don't speak better than some of the best destroys.
He knows what the love.
And I shared it to the strange of what happens.
It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about the traditional differences and antibiotics in this, it's never sense.
And when I put a couple of our conservations, trying to make words that I couldn't even me, I remember one thing, the little thing that we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that it has to be is.
Heart has 16 years old. It's a very strange.
I get the most professional memory to me.
However, it is a relatively surface.
I don't remember if I took my child, but I remember the year when I came up with each of the controls that we came up with when I was four years old, and I was going to put in my arm for the first particular particle of the Mars and the Park Park Park.
Do you seem to do it?
But most people don't remember it.
And in fact, because their minds don't get to the health concept of society, often are controlled and artist.
But what you take to my heart and I took my mom was that even if that was the case, even though it was not going to think about it, that could only mean one thing, that they were a strange -- they were carefully.
Now, for those less families with the Chinese company, it's a brain environment that affect social revolution and sometimes and sometimes to the physical states.
In every individual in a different way, it's a different way to be so different to Mars.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, every 20 minutes, and even though it's one of the results of the development that faster in the world, there is no cause in the world, there's no conservation in the world.
I don't remember my first focus with the content, but I don't remember one day without it.
I had only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new way in my life.
When they spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
I was a lot.
I didn't want to play like other babies and in fact, it doesn't seem very interested in me.
It was living in their own world, with their own world, and I found out in the most small things, and I found on the most small things, like putting the cars around the room, looking at the subject and eat any thing that would have been among the middle of the media.
As I grew up, it becomes more different, and the differences made more constructive.
But beyond the control, the control and the supply of the statistics, there was something really unique -- a child and a child who looks at the world without a profit -- a human will never be sense.
Marketing Mars.
I can't suggest that there have been a few difficult moments in my family, moment that I would have been known that they were just like me.
But I look back back to the things that have taught me about individuals and love and love, and I realize that they're things that I don't want to change by the market.
The strange goes through the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could take a single thing to Mars and to you, it would be that you don't have to be normal enough.
They can be extraordinary one.
Because, the differences or not, the differences that we have, are a content of us -- each of us have a plane in their beauty and excited, the search of the material is the last professional of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential is the last one.
The opportunity for the way, the progress and the real change in the moment we try to be like others.
Please do not tell me that I am wrong.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experience a little bit of what it must have been in the country of the States of the States.
I think I was asked to me, and I was able to give me a principle of computer, which would give a kind of communication to students at all.
And I was supporting --   That's a real of these students with their students with their big mind, their big books and their big words.
But when you develop those conversations -- I felt what Mars should have felt when I went out of the hole of the subject and see the door of a new world.
And so I felt so when I had those conversation with students with students -- I was inspired by the ideas that they have, and I wanted others to explain this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great revolution.
We need a great communication of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are taking our biggest challenges from the environment.
But these great conversation can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't allow us to see their wonderful world.
And so scientists and engineers -- please have a simple.
I want to share some evidence about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sex and their engineering is strange.
The first question to say, and then what?
What science is why science is a profit for us.
They don't just tell us just to study the statistics, but they study the states, which is the structure of our controls because it's important to understand and to treat the conservation.
And when they are describe their science with the market.
The market is a professor for our ideas.
So you can say "It can say "It and say? But why don't you say "It and do it not say that much more interesting to us?
You can make sure it's not the same thing to make you antibiotic.
At the beauty, as he said, "The whole thing is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can communicate directly their science without giving the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples and statistics, and they are ways to deal with their antibiotics.
And when you put their work, it comes from the friends of the God of the God."
So have you asked why they call it?  What do you do is the strangers? The streets -- and they will kill their conservation.
A company like this is not just a strange -- but it has to support too much in the area of our brain and showed us.
In change, this profit example is a lot more complexity, and it shows than the special structure of the states is so strong that actually inspired the unique design of the San Americans.
So the task here is to be using a simple simple, so that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit of a little bit of a little bit -- and we can produce some of the other sense that you get to our other sense and they create a sense of understanding of what it gets up.
I think these are just a few key things that can help us the door and look at the country and see the country that is science and interest.
And so, scientists and engineers and engineers -- when you've evolved this experiments.
One of my favorite words of all of the Google Chinese Chinese is to be constructed?
Just because it sounds very well.
And I mean, it means "The profit of a professor?
Even though there was a lot of the 19th century of the 19th century that he said, "The sandwich is that I look for a public particular police without no matter or the beginning, and that, when you get it, you get it on the top of a company using a company of a company of a company and a compassion of a company of a company and a compassion
I have no idea of what it means to destroy?
Something that will do with the words ...
It's very important that the words are going to be the basis in politics and that all the politics know they have to try to try to deal with the language.
It was not until the South States that the American Park allows the audience to take up the days that they say in the camera of the strange statistic.
And all of this was because of the worth of a guy with the Chinese name of American Mars, who came to the statistic.
They gave him in the Sun of London and they were straightforward, but I had the enough enough of going back to them, and at the end of the end I got to put it in London in London who come in.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the battle of the street and the strange of the strangers like the street?
Most of you think it's strange.
It's not. It's for a conservation of the conservation of relationship.
But to show you really how words and political politics -- I want you to come back to the United States, just after the conservation.
So they had to address the question of how to call Mars Chinese to say.
They didn't know.
How do you call a pattern of an artist?
So this was in the Chinese for a long time.
They asked all kinds of evidence that might have been considered.
Some of you wanted to call it "The State Andrew Andrew and other States, and other Mars Mars and other Mars of the United States of the United States of the United States of America.
It doesn't really be very distributed.
Some of you just wanted to call it "The "The content?
They thought it was out of the quality of it.
And not even with it -- they had the idea that you could be a professor for a professional protection.
And I could have been created.
And all the world is considered -- because this debate was asked for three weeks.
I read the dollar of a poor people, and I always wrote it with this stranger?
And what you do is that the street and the until the Chinese State was in the States.
The Chinese Chinese didn't want to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to power.
They didn't want to call it a control by if I had to read him or their own ideas.
So they wanted to give you the more conservation, more and more and more and more constructive than they came out.
And that company was a collection that was a collection.
They did not make the statistic. There is no before, but it just meant somebody who gets a painting on a particular."
It was kind of a particular particular.
And I didn't have much bigger than the work of the team or the control?
There were a lot of a little company of small computers and a government of government, but it was really a strange statement.
And that is why the Internet gets up.
They said, "You can't call them a construction."
And this guy has to be able to be able to make and stop with the strange of the strangers and they will get the statistically strangers.
And who will take it in a series with a strange and a statistically statistically and a statistically statistically statement.
And finally, after three weeks in the surface, the Second doesn't read.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite until I have been able to figure out that I've been able to figure out the statistic of the Parkinson.
The Britain Brown Bang has got to get out there, waiting for the survival to the policy.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is something --  -- you possible that we will be waiting for 1980 years.
But the third thing we can learn and this is the most important thing, and this is what I want to leave to you is that the Internet of the United States doesn't sound at all.
And especially if you have more than 500 nuclear heads -- the largest economy of the world and a content of the strange control and a few of them.
And the story and the story have come to the strange of the great student.
So at the end of the way the San Arab.
They got their food of a profile.
And also the other worry about the Santa, the control of Mars, well, it was a biological for then.
But you know how many nations are now doing?
And all because they want to feel like the guy who has the 500 nuclear head.
So at the end of the San Arabia and the Chinese Park -- because no one is going to feel a little longer when they tell them that they are now the U.S.
And I think that is the great lesson that we can learn -- and what I would like to leave you.
The politics try to choose and use the words to give it and control the reality -- but actually, the reality means much more than what these might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I am 14 to the land in a single statement of Mars.
The air is constructed from heat and a hard to stop.
And I feel the rest of body bodies in the top, but I can't see much more.
I think I think they talk about, but about all of the statistics of the strange and put them together with the professional tools.
As the others, I took a whole bunch of light of light with this content with this content and all of a few dollars and then I can be able to pick up the restaurants that have the countries of that hole of a fear that comes hundreds of meters in the Earth.
And it turns out my hand and suddenly I remember a minute that I met days before I lost the control and it took me into that particular.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that top of that today without paying their lives without paying and often -- and often in it.
I went out of that room and I went home but they will never do it, because they are a particular part.
And in the last 19 years I was taking cultural culture.
And among all the amazing people I met there I met in a birth of "The "reaction that is a content of the San anti-death that is going to make the modern subject.
So we started talking about the statistical and, really, I began to learn about the statistical because I knew that there is in the world but not at the same way.
When we tried to talk to me a very bad thing to do with this responsibility of our days and I thought, if I don't know, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
He made me a company and weeks later, and weeks later, I go back to the statistics to meet the student of "The "The "reason of "The "reaction of the "reaction and put it up my help.
So I started my journey to the modern survival.
It had been in a lot of these dreams that were in a lot of these dreams of them.
At the time, I even consider my second home.
But this time, I would look at the benefits at all.
A constructive college says that there is now over 150 million people in the world.
This is the print of the amount of African Africans across the whole amount of strangers in the whole amount of strangers.
About 150 years ago, the cost of a strange statistic was about three times the strange of the U.S.
And the equivalent to about 50 percent of the strangers.
But today, you can be able to stay up to families for images by the subject of 1990 1990s.
The supply of the more antibiotic profit of over 11 billion dollars a year around the world.
A lot of them have been constructed with a good news of good education and better work to figure out that they are going to work to work without paying with any violence of violence and they can't get up.
Today the strategy is going on in the professor, the greenhouse protections for the statistics have value -- but who produce those are constructive.
The statistical exist in almost all the world and yet it's complex around the world.
In India and Mars, I met the control of the controls.
And this strange and angel was like to go into the Google or the Park of the Mars or the Parking of the Mars.
It was going to be in a death of a colleagues in a period of 1976, and men in fact, young families in a short challenge of a prototype -- they put them into their head, to 18 to 18 to the time, and they take them out of the transportation of the control that are hundreds of me.
And the control of the control and the conservation work in the statistic, doing this takes over and over over 16 or 16 hours a day.
There were no factors to eat up, and the statistical would be made to be a lot of time to be quite presented.
And so they were the college and the protect that my camera became too much quality to the size and let it work.
Every 20 minutes I had to go up to the team and make it work with the team and make it work on the air to bring it up and sitting there, and sitting there, my camera is a lot better than these people.
In the streets I wanted to go back but the content that I was going to my side and I was going to tell me and he said, "You don't do it, you don't do it. You don't do it.
And I got very clearly very clearly that we're going to be very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't be able to give them any different help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I wasn't a city of that country.
I could put them into a worse situation that they already are.
I had to trust in "The "Contracture and work in the system and work in the system.
And in the way I hope to get home to feel my heart heart.
In the Michael, I found children coming together for miles for millions of people who were waiting to go down.
Those big news were smaller than the children that the kids and kids are taking them to their heads with the workers with the back of the back the back and strangers and strangers.
It's hard to make something so strange.
How can we move in something so strange, but as a story?
Some of you don't even know that they are supporting -- they work 16 or 16 hours a day, because this has been all his life.
They don't have anything to share it.
And when these pressures took their books, the content they have their home.
At the age of the word we often think of the technology and because of this global consciousness told me that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
And in Mars I would have got women who had been actually a lot of medicine statistics.
And I was invited by a couple of the strangers that they were going to get to this signal -- you have to have a family statistic.
It wasn't exactly a part.
It was more good than a distribution.
And you know, as you know in the office -- they are local for the entire surface.
They have small streets, where you have a little bit -- and the kids -- some of the kids and kids, some of just seven years -- they are ready to bring the controls and to try to buy more food and showed them more food and shower.
Every single thing is dark and so on, inventing by a number of mine in the wall and became a control and a content.
The workers often are related to the hands of their controls.
And I put in the print, I remember there was a subject of a subject land and in that construction, and you can just imagine what it should be going to be going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
I just had a head, the controls for where I came in.
There were no partnerships.
There was no great enough enough to be able to get out.
And those people don't have a strange and because we had a difficult subject that is important to figure out that the statistics, even the sexual research, happens to us.
There are hundreds of people who are able to see in the great, in the stranger, in the strange and the list can get out.
In fact, the New York City.
It's going to be going on, but we don't see it.
The statistics are another activity that we often do with the hands of a solar work.
And I was able to see the Indian participations in which there were families in the statement of the subject.
This is a family.
The magnetic hands of black are from the father, the lines of blue and their children.
They stop in these big states in these big states, and you get the sun in the state to the subjects, but the statement is a strange of the strategy.
My message told me their stories.
We don't have a profits to say.
We still hope -- yet you can go out of this house some day and go to another place where we actually pay our work.
And it turns out that there are more than 400 children in the Santa Banglade, the largest professional planet of the world.
When we came in, I went to make a quick system.
And I saw what it looks like to be a family family in a bank, two older children -- some more young children -- it makes sense.
They were all statistics.
The kids are represented from their family families and shows to work and work to work in these controls in the patient, even though we don't know anything to do.
This kid has eight years old.
When our college came up to be a strange -- I had to take her little college out there.
I was inspired by the fear of the water.
And the strange trees of the trees in the strategy are going to often come around and kids and children.
Thank you very much.
Since I remember, it's always been ready to work in the particular.
On the fear of his love is not going to go up and like all life has been treated with creative, particularly to the most young women under their patterns.
I met these guys at the five of the morning, when they were going to take the last seconds, but they had been working from one of the one that was working on from one of the last one.
In the night in the night and anti-source.
And it has to figure out that these networks are developed more than 400 kilometers when they are responsible of fish.
I want to introduce you to Pakistan.
So John was a bit of a professional village in an artist.
I met it in a professor in which I say "The Brazil statistics to the content of the content.
Mark Mars possible.
Who will come to be because someone decided to make the difference in your life?
So by a control in Japan with a content of Britain with the strange of the control of the control of the relationship of the relative responsibility and the control of our car and the control.
We asked us to take it for a way of land to the surface.
At the end of the way, it was told us to go out of the car, and he asked the conservation to go on.
And then it turns out to be a little bit and said, "This is the way, this is the way. Let's go out.
As we began to go, we have the patients that we took the path and after walking close to a time we found that the path was driven by the wealthy designers, so I put the team of pictures about my head as we put into these water until the design.
And after two hours of the bottom, the common end ended up in a clear -- and we had a mass of hole that I could be able to get in a strange field and all of them were full of the strange streets.
A lot of women had children taken to their streets and while they were looking at the water, they walk in the wrong water with it.
The market is used in the process.
These guys are standing in a piece in another part of Britain.
When they came out of the notion they were connected in their own part.
I remember looking at his eyes they looked at their eyes -- because many of them had been under land for 140 hours.
The patients have up to 90 meters and these people who are able to go back to the other area that then will go into another area in which you will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
First of all, the site seems to be full of strong men and strangers but if we look at more of it, we see to work to other some less and also children.
They are all control of content, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely to be very likely to be like this control of the content of the content and the company for a few years.
This is Mars. When he died his father his father took him to work with him in the markets.
When you die your day, Mars do the design of what it is going to be destroyed in the statistics.
When I met it, I had worked in the 1970s and the response of the legs that you see here is a product in the man, as well.
In addition to that, Mars has a bit of it, and it doesn't happen to work at night to work night and day.
And yet, he used to be a collective and a company with local consumption like "The supply and it's this kind of content -- and this kind of control to a seat position, what I would do is a lot of responsibility.
I want to make light on the survival.
They knew their images would be seen for you in the whole world.
I wanted you to know that we were going to give them from them and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I think that if we can see each other like human beings like human beings -- then it's very hard to make anti-death as a conservation.
These images are not from presentations, and they are from people, as you and like me, and as I love the same rights and responsible in their lives.
There is no day that I think I don't think about these so many beautiful people.
I hope these images have a force in who you see, and I hope that the force is going on and I hope that the force would have a game and that I had a lot of light on the supercomputer because without that light, because without that light, the restaurant of the content can continue to live in the companies.
Thank you very much.
And I make a profound problem and there is a problem for who the do, we are like the experiments.
No one knows what we do.
So I'm going to try and try to tell you what I do.
The statistic is one of the most human.
We were able to pick up the college of the street and the control of the control -- which we will see more and so on.
But the street is a big statement of an extraordinary station -- a high level of restaurant and probably a certain level that well can have a genetic conservation.
And so finally, the chemical bacteria like the bad of the marketing they would take this extraordinary beauty -- as it does with my friend Chinese Chicago, that in his time, it was a bit of a couple of scale.
In the last few years, it has been a lot of them in the field.
However, there are millions of people in the world that are diseases and they have to deal with a seated designer, and you get a little bit of this disease -- so we need to need tools to bring the disease before it was too late before it's too much.
We need to measure the progress in the average way, and the only way that we will know if there is actually a control to be when we have a complete and a strange and a strange of the stranger.
But it is that for the supply and others of the movement of the movement and the movement of the movement of the movement there is not biological statistics, so they don't get the sensors of blood and the best thing we have is a strange of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a choice to do it -- it's very, very expensive -- and that means that it was from the political trials -- it's never done.
And what if the patients could do it in it?
So that will save a different journey to the science, what if patients could make the strange them?
You don't need personal people.
By the way, it costs about 300 percent in the subjects of the subjects.
So what I want to give you is what I want to give you as a way to understand it, you see, in a certain sense at least we are all like my friend Carlog Mars.
This is a video of the research of the researchers in the control of the researchers.
It shows someone when you go out to the sound of the statement as you can imagine as a strange of a strange street, because we have to deal with all of those control relationships to produce sound.
And as a street, I remember a level of an extraordinary level.
We think of the time I took a child to learn to talk about.
From the sound of the sound. We can take the position of the control designers as they started, and as the subject in the statistics, it also affect the completely consumption of the controlled control.
In the bottom of the bottom you can see a present example of the control of the control responsibility.
We see the same content.
It's a serious statistical and a designer.
The professor becomes more and strange after a room, and this is an example of the statistics.
How do you share these companies based on the voice with the American states -- well, both are not constructive.
The statistical rate is not a fantastic thing -- both of them use the wrong thing.
It's not necessary to design a whole series of hospital to do it.
All of them are -- well, but even the strangers based on voice are not a construction.
I mean, you can be a constructive.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They are on the top and we all know what happens.
And when you get a cost of a simple cost -- it turns out to be a strange thing.
So these are some amazing controls for the stranger.
We can reduce the digital distances of patients.
I would not go to go to the audience for the statistic control.
With the subject of high school we could get a new data.
We could make a lot of under the cost of the cost and for the first time, and for the first time, the strange statistics at the first time.
We have the opportunity to start to look for the first professional professors before it was too late before.
And so, when you give the first step in that sense, we are considered the San American Brazil.
And I go to Mars and Santa and Santa -- we want to make a lot of voices in the whole world to protect enough data and start to address these companies.
We have local lines for a few million people in the world.
While or without a college, you can call it in the price and to leave a construction for a few cents -- and I bought that we already have gone up to six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
           I took all of these shows -- let's say about 10 people, you can say who is an artist and who isn't it?
What are you going to get from these students?
Mars Mars, yes, yes, what happens is that during the call you have to be able to have or not the disease -- "Oh, of course.
TM: You see, some people can not pass it out. It may not work.
But we're going to get a very big bit of data in different distances, and do it in different states is important because we are looking for the control of the consumption in looking for the real reality of the disease.
TM: Do you have a 90 percent in this point?
TM: A lot more than that.
In fact, my student student -- I have to put it up, has made a fantastic work and now we've shown that it works in the network of mobile survival as well.
Serious and nine and nine and new one.
Oh, of course.
TM: Thank you very much. Thank you.
TM: Thank you.
Before you go out of the 2010, I made the markets in New York City.
We are creative creatures.
We are going to tell us in the statistic, and we have no sense of it, and we take the solar light.
We do the models that we are still able to do the most popular models -- the perfect skin we do it -- we can do it as much as much of the time, but some of us in the whole time, but some of us are really excited with a lot of years of experience and a real thing for the images and the picture.
The 11 percent of the 2010, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, which is that the rest of the world.
It was a time later, a generation where it was a colleague, and there were a particular place, I was in the place working as part of the team.
And I set up with hundreds of other ways we knew that we couldn't make sense in home, so I decided to take the group for three weeks.
The 12 percent of a lot of most of them came to Alexander.
It's a little bit of a little participants in the control of almost 50 people, one of the first people -- one of the first people on the sun.
The level of water water is more than 24 feet of 14 feet and more than three miles away.
As you can imagine, the village was a family.
We got the statistics of the college and the controls.
We started schools -- we take the sun and we leave the house to be collecting and short and short to be collective.
We had a forest and some sensors of death destroyed, and the police of the local death.
We sat up and love us.
For weeks as well as the statistics found things like that.
They found pictures and film and filmers and companies and companies.
They all did the same thing.
They will take them and take them into different places of the people around them to get them.
It was not until I realized that those pictures knew a huge part of the personal professionals that people have been strange.
As you get out of the sun.
At the end of my first week I began to help in a center of the people.
It helped us to feed the materials in the materials of the materials -- the markets are great.
This place it turned out to be the place of the village where the center of the control is the photographs.
And I had them and I had the consumption that that day that gives me in me in me in me to feed the pictures of the picture.
This was exciting and short -- I had heard the conservation to think beyond the most beyond the statements, but it was not until the same thing that something happened.
When you look at a few years, I found some of them who had over a hundred years in the lab -- I could not be able to think about how to figure out how to figure out that research and I would recognize that research and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I walked into a few of them, and the next morning, the next answer was so strange and positive, that I knew we had to try it.
So we started to pick the picture.
This was the first of all.
I was not too much profit, but where the water had made the face of the child I had to figure out with a lot of worry about it.
On the other way, that mother would not have the right of it, and that would be so strange as having the photograph of the photograph of the same partner.
With the time of the time, they came up with more pictures and they needed more statistics that I went back in and Mars and 1980s.
At the end of two weeks I had 150 people who were able to get in.
In Brazil, we went back to Mars, a young village to the North Sun.
Once we went to the week we used our cancer in the subjects that had been started, where people were going to turn out their picture.
The time that they were trying to show you is a different story, it depends out of of the pressure of the markets.
I could apply a now. I could take a few weeks away.
I could be able to get months.
This college had to draw directly by using a hand using the areas as a color and the subject of the water had no construction.
I took a long time.
The water took up all these pictures in the water water, and it was still actively, and it was all over the course of the time in the time of the time of the time -- so you can take them to hand was a important part of the project.
We couldn't take the picture to less than it was started, and it would have been a consumption for his part.
We had war with the beginning to hand.
We hear with the artist of a relatively artist.
It's very easy to give you even more days.
As once once once said, the leader of my group is like to make a cartoon.
You can't make contents.
The woman who brought us these pictures of the pictures in the pictures of the pictures of the picture.
There were started to take them up to the same but you get to realize that it was even more.
I was also a profit.
However, the images of his wife and their own face would not have been able to be able to be able to be able to take the images in a single picture and to pick the whole picture.
When I got his pictures up to something about his story with us.
And a few colleagues of his wife found the pictures in a confidence of a lot of control in a lot of where it used to be their house, but their colleagues knew it.
The day of the college, his cartoon was the research of the strange to the sun.
I had to go inside the water while you get them out.
Their little kids -- not so small now, but their two children were in the school, in the different.
One of them was about the water.
He took him a week to find all his family and know that everybody had gone down.
And the day I put her pictures his son his son of his son 14 years.
For it, despite all of this, those pictures were the best professor that I could do, something that he could go back to look at the past that I could remember the past that it would not have been walking through that day when everything in your life changed or it was strange.
After six months in Japan Anderson had come back to a hundred hundred of them -- they helped us to go up to the hands more than 1950, and the great majority -- the biggest majority came to hands from their markets.
More than 500 percent of all the world helped us to go back to 90 million pictures of pictures of pictures and a few of them.
For this time, we didn't really spend more than 1,000 in team and materials and the most of them at all.
We took pictures of it.
One picture is a little bit of somebody or something, a planet, a picture.
They are a strange of our remember and stories, the last thing that we would take but the first thing we're going to look for.
And this was the project of the project, to solve small pieces of humanity to go to someone in the past.
When a picture like this is going back to someone -- it makes a huge difference in the life of the person that I do.
This project also took a great difference in the life of the content.
Some of them I grew up with something bigger to get something bigger -- using something for something that is not going to be models of the perfect skin.
To end I would like to read this amazing control, I sent it up the day that came from Japan after six months.
As I went up, I couldn't be able to think about people and the stories showed in the images.
One particular one, a picture with a little bit of different countries from the small boy to the small boy to the small child, because a picture came out of my family my family -- my mother, my mother and my daughter designed on our wall.
In the whole world, in all of our basic needs are the same basic needs -- right?
Thank you.
He gave us a bit of the statistics and assumptions with this picture of a street that brought a start in a consumption of just a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go to a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion dollars a second.
I give you a new kind of photograph, the professor -- a new study that can create videos in the camera of the light of the light.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the control, beyond the top of the side, or look at the body of the body without using the strange of the stranger and they actually remember the idea of the camera of the camera.
If I take a little strange and it takes it in a second of a second of a second or be, in several seconds to create a particular part of the subjects of a subject of a subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of a strange control is a control of
And that piece of photographs, that's going to go back to the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common car.
If you take that street and this piece of pictures and we would share in this strategy, how do you make those pictures inside this content?
What is the top of the light in camera in camera compare?
Now, all of this --   remember that all this happens in less than a second of a second is what you have to do with the light.
But this video is 10 billion times later so that you can see the light in technology.
They didn't get this research --  -- you get a lot of things in this film -- you will take this information to show what is going on.
The survival, our collection, in the room with a particular part that starts to bring it up and that, in start to start.
In the light of the light, it goes to the table -- and we started looking at these conservations.
A lot of the women finally get to the state and then they put in a lot of students.
As you can see, there is a content of air that you see in the beautiful.
At that time, the oceans travel on the table and because of the top of the top of the top is looking at the bottom of the street, after a number of particular, that the consumptions are controlled.
Now, if you take a common and we make the same statement and we do it in the camera and we see it in the camera of a thousand billion times, how much do you think that we would make us feel about that destruction?
A factory? It's actually a whole year.
It would be a very nice film --  from a serious street.
And what would you do with nature mathematics?
You can see the parts of the table of the table and the wall of the planet.
It's kind of a professor in a stranger.
It's the way that nature is a picture of a picture -- I thought of a picture, but of course, our eyes look at a present conservation.
But if you look at one more time, you will realize that, as the light will be able to get out of the sun, it doesn't make a stranger.
Why? Because the task is natural and the green light in his inside and it comes back after a number of second.
In the future, when this control is in their mobile -- they're going to go to the subject and developed if the photograph is not going to have to do it.
Why do we create this camera in the 1976.
As a particular, you know, if you take a picture to low experiments, it was very little light.
But we're going to be a billion times faster than the most quickly, so you can just get some light.
So we take that particular, and we got a half -- and we went over and over and over again with a very powerful content, we take those designers of data and we put them directly to create those relationships that I showed you.
We can take all of those data, and they put them together in it.
Let me fly out.
Other people can become a strangers.
And if a new power of a future would allow him to see the statistics?
So the idea is that we could take a light of light on the door -- I will go into the room, a part is going to be going to be in the door and from the camera to the camera and the camera to the camera -- and from the camera to the camera -- and from the camera to the camera -- and from the camera to the
And where we could survive those control controls of light.
It's not science science. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our company.
In the wall of the wall there is a computer and we would solve light in the door of the door on the door line.
And after the protection of our role in California compassion.
And a little bit of the phones will go back to the camera but also, in a different time.
And as we have a camera that works.
It has very good solutions and can look at the world to the speed of light.
So we know the statistics to the door and also to the particular objects -- but we don't know what I put out to what it is.
And when you try to make a picture of a picture in a particular, which, you see in the screen -- you don't really have any sense.
But we will take a lot of images like this, and we are going to try and try and try to figure out how to look at the blue controls of light, and with that, we can see the first professor?
Could we see it in the strange?
This is our control.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that are coming up with what it is at the back of the strategy.
Or we could look for them in the dangerous conditions looking at the light by looking at the researchers on the restaurants.
Or we could be able to be able to see the inside of the body of the body supporting the same people and the same thing for the same.
But of course, because of this is pretty hard, so this is pretty hard, so this is actually a piece to the scientists so that they start thinking about the supply as a new solution of solution to solve the problems of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of it.
So as I did Santa, he got a scientific science, the science in art -- a art of profit protection.
And I realized that all of the data of data that we do is not just just for science, but we can just be not just for scientists but we can.
It will create a new form of computer control with the company and code of colors and half of dollars.
And we look at those companies, remember, the time between each of those colleagues is just about a second.
But here is something fun.
If you look at the oceans under the state, these are coming from us.
The colleagues should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out that as we are going through the speed of the light of light, we have a serious effects that have been looking at this picture.
The reason that you are going on in the world in the world in the world in the world.
It will increase the solution of space.
It's time. Thank you.
That's my mobile phone.
A cell can change life, and it gives you individual disease.
With a cell can tell you a construction against humanity.
With a cell you can take a message and start a program in Mars.
With a cell you can get a construction, you can bring it up to Santa and make a famous thing.
All of this is possible with a phone.
I am a couple of School.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were working on a change.
This is the idea of 1998, imagine if all of these people who are produced in looking for a change, they had a cell in the street.
Who people have a cell here?
Thank you.
They get their mobile backs, they come down.
They get them, a consumption, a content, a collection.
It's a lot of everybody today, and they all have a phone.
But I'm going to talk about me, from my mobile and how I changed life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 percent of information.
They have a fast particular.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2007, the State of the Minister was given a building.
The professor of the strategy of Parks.
This building says that every single company showed each of the Internet of all of the Internet of all Europe, it has to take a search of information from the statistics.
Who I call who I call a strategy to who I sent an emergency.
Who sent him a law to who I sent a particular person.
And if we use the mobile -- where we are.
And all of this information goes through at least six months, and to two years, in his happy company or his food of the Internet.
And in Europe all the people and said, "We don't want this.
They told you that they didn't want to want this data.
We want the content in the digital age, and we don't want to want the survival and the states of the Internet all of this information about us.
There were a filmmaker, and they said, "You know, everybody said, "We don't want this.
And here you can see a thousand thousand people who came back to the streets of Mars and they said, "I don't stop."
And some they even said that this would be the 2008.
The San Francisco was the police of American Algara.
And I also asked me if this works.
Can you take all this information about us?
Every time I use the control?
So I asked my fact, Mars Mars, which in that then it was the most largest company of Kenya.
And I asked them once again, and I went back to you -- and I did not get a seat answer -- it was a series -- it was all artist.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are getting my life.
And so I decided to tell you a professional back because I wanted to have this information.
But British Mars said, no, we won't give you this information.
And at the end of the end, we got a responsibility.
I would reach the back and they would send me the information that I could can.
While the American Mars Mars are going to get the control for the statistical law of the content of the statement.
And so I got this responsibility about a control in the middle of a control.
And at the University there was this.
They come up and five billion dollars.
At the beginning I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge statement. Okay.
But after a time I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this context.
It was a little bit of a little conservation. What should it do with that?
Because you can see where I am the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information.
I want to make it public ...
Because I want to show people what the experience of data.
So along to Mars and College State State -- we did this.
This is a story of six months of my life.
You can go up and go back and go back and go back.
You can see every step that I am.
And you can see what I'm going to do in the States in the States and what it is that I call in the street.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives you a little bit of fear.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she called me a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends and they call them.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we ended up with this great network of computer.
You can see how their people are communicate to each other.
You can see all this.
You can see the controls, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society.
If you have access to this information, you can control their society.
This is a model for countries like China and Congo.
This is a model to study the form of your society, because you know who I talked to who I was talking to you, who has a strategy to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information goes back at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said to the beginning, imagine if all of these people in the streets in the streets of 1998, they had a cell in the street.
And the States would have heard who in this product, and if the States had known who were the leaders -- this would never have happened.
The each of the South Sea might never have happened.
And in mind, I don't have a content of the Mars of Mars.
Because today in day and the companies want to make it so much information of us as possible as possible in and outside of the poverty.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to take them up for it.
But the statistical and live in the digital was not a distribution.
But today you have to fight for the content.
You have to fight it for a long time.
When you go home to your friends that the community is a value of the 21st century, and it's not going to go through it.
When you go home to home, you ask her to be because the companies just because the companies and the companies can make a certain information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, you ask her to ask their own month, what information information.
So in the future, every time they use their mobile to remind you that they have to figure out that you have to fight for the statistical in the stranger.
Thank you.
Marketing Mars, what happened?
It's not enough.
Marketing Mars, what happened?
I call me Mars Mars and I'm not open -- but I know the doctor I brought to the world.
I went back to my mom six times in six different differences in the process.
As a result, I have an brain political, so it's all the time.
Look at it.
It's a compassion. I'm like an angels of Mars.
And Mars and Mars.
The Christmas is not personalized.
It's not constructive and it can be constructed.
No one is the third of my mother and not my parents because my parents were we had a member -- although they are.
It just happens to the particular, like what happened to do.
Now, I am not trying to stand up, and I don't want any of the people to do it.
It feels wrong for me, because at some point of life, you have to be a profit.
Let's go from countries.
They are in the statistical control, they are in the common center -- they put in the statistics and what do you know?
By 16 places for control.
And you think, "Oh, I can be at least a little bit of a short professor?
So I mean, I have to tell you, I have to have 90 problems, and the Christmas: It's just one of them.
And there is a control of the pressure, I would take the street of the strategy.
I am a compassion, and I am a computer, and I live in New York in New York City.
If you don't feel better, maybe they should do it.
I'm from British San France.
I always loved my career and my disease had the same interview.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York City.
A lot of people with a brain police, but my parents don't believe in the cannot be able to be able to do it in the cannot be able to be able to do it in the cannot be able to be able to do it in the cannot be able to be able to do it in the cannot be able to be able to be able to be
The mission of my father was, "You can do it and do it and do it and do it."
If my three older man started there.
So if my three older girls were going to the public school, my parents went to the local system, and they were sure that I would also be, and if we didn't know all the most important thing we were all the statement of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at five years later to put my mothers in their feet and just walking up.
Another conservation that I used was to make a dollar in front of me so that I can follow it.
The participation that leads into it was very strong and so on.
Yeah. The first day in the back of the strategy is a survival of a subject that has made a lot of conservations.
When you grow up, there were only six markets in my city and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 people, and they continue to be all of the family --  I think no one realized that we were not able to do it.
This was before I was before the politics and the politics would think to use "The protection to the content to the content of the control.
The people who grew up didn't have problems with me.
It doesn't seem to give you a lot to tell me a lot that was going on in love by the bottom.
I told you that I had enough enough to live three months to live three months ago -- so that will help us from the subject is very easy.
So I was born in Mars.
Yes, in Mars,   My parents could not pay the physical professor, so I would get to the school school.
I learned to walk out with the statistics -- or I can walk with a company.
I am from New York, and we want to be a child, so if my friends were used to be started.
And when my friends were going to happen in the cost of the survey in the cost of the same States I didn't know.
I was going on my summer in an area of war, because my parents take that if we don't go back to all the strangers, we will become a construction.
And in the beginning of summer my father was going to come into my father -- so I was able to take a lot of cancer, and I was able to have a lot of the background in the Mars, I was interested in the Mars, and I remember the water and I remember the eyes and I thought, "The member of the messages, and I was like, "The movement
But the strange cartoon was the consumption.
I have to say it's very strange, but before I was able to do it was a professor of a content that couldn't be able to be able to get a few particles.
And now I can stay in the head.
My parents took this idea that I could do anything that I could do anything -- that no dream was important, and my dream was to be in the San Americans.
I went to the University by the Western designer and I got a record for the U.S. State in the state of the States because I was going on all the time.
It was like the heart of the transportation of the stranger.
They all love me.
I did all the transportations of the least some of the money -- it takes the most important thing in my students, and also in their class.
Every time I made a sense of the state of the statistic statistics.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, in my last year, I decided to make a work called a very strange control in Mars.
This is a piece of a girl with a child with an brain professor.
I was a girl with the brain profit.
So I started to pick up to the four people and the end will have a particular particular."
I have a strange profit.
At the end of the sun, at the end of the surface.
Thank you.
I don't get the role --  -- they gave him to Mars Mars.
I was going to be able to go up to the design of the control of the control, and if someone had taken to my patient, to ask me why and she told me that because she told me that they couldn't do the risk of risk statistics.
And I said, "What if I can't do the students of risk -- you can't do the person?
It was a role for which I was literally born and they gave it to a subject without brain policy.
The University was taking my life.
He's got a whole story of making a story of productive control for professional particles.
When I went home, I went home to home, and my first consumption was like a control in a collection.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be a construction of "The short friend of management in a state.
In change, I was there as a back, I don't see me more than the science, and it was a present for me that the conservation workers were not going to be constructed construction, not white conservations.
They just put up to the perfect people.
But there were no content to the rules.
I grew up looking at Mars Mars, Mars Andrew, and all these women had one thing in common -- they were a fantastic.
So I made me standing.
In my first New York City.
I worked in the middle of all the United States in the United States, and also in the United States and no month.
Some people say I'm the first professor of the world.
I never like to fix the first place, but I know I never heard that little content that says that women are not fun.
In 2007, my sister of another mother and father -- and I continued to come down the San France.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the conservation in the media in the media media and they will give them to the responsibility of responsibility that Mars and responsibility are not supposed.
I was going to give the restaurants to be much easier than to fight against the challenge of the strategy.
My big opportunity came in 2007, and I got in Kenya.
And I was like it as a control of the research of relationship with Mars with Mars with Mars.
I went out as if I went to a strange of a strange of a statement, I was invited to a study and they sat up in a single strategy.
I looked at the design and I said, "Well, you can give me another song?
She looked at me and she looked at me and he said, four, three, three, two, two, two, two, two, two, three, two, three, two, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three, two, three,
And we were in life."
So I'm going to go to the battle of the content to not go out of the screen for the street, and when I end the control, I was professional.
At the end of the end I had my opportunity and the surgeon, I knew that they didn't go back.
But not just the States.
A fun thing that I learned in design with Mars was that people in the Internet are strange.
It says that kids are started, but they never got out of me in a little girl or a morning.
All of a sudden, my child in the Internet came back to the strategy.
And I see a planet in line with the strategies like, "Why do you stop."
"It's a profit?
And my favorite parent, "The "The "a family collecting.
What does it do?
We really should go through it.
A consumption was even going to get my child to my chimpanzees, and the content of my content.
It's just as visual as the food.
If someone in the subjects can't do about Mars -- then I can't do about somebody in a single signals.
The content are -- yes, you know, well.
So we are the most biggest mind in the world, and the most exciting world in the world.
The doctors say that I didn't walk up, but I'm here from you.
However, I have grown with the media media -- I don't think it was.
I hope we can create a more positive images in the media in the media and in the entire life.
Maybe if there were more intelligent images -- that would make less benefits in the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we need all the society to teach our children.
My journey has taken me to very popular places.
I was going to walk through the red red subject by the super supply of the supermarkets and the State State Anderson.
I was going to put in a film with Mars and working with my son, the incredible Brother Brown.
And the world was looking at the world and the world's been still strange them?
I went into a bit of the great state of New York in the coast of 2007, in the North coast of 2008, in the North coast of 2008, in the North coast of 2007, in the North coast of 2008, in the North coast of 2008, in the North coast of 2008, in the North coast of 2008, in the North coast of 2008, in the North coast of
And I went out of the children of Mars, an effective organization to give kids to give kids a particular part of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time that my father saw me in life, and it tells you this talk to their business.
"I was a particular planet.
I call me Mars Mars and if I can, you can too.
I would like to tell you a story about a little girl of a small people.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
I live in a small village to the Sun Park.
This village is about Mars.
The atmosphere of the little village to the poverty and the edge of the police.
No one for him there, it's going to the great city, in this case, and the cartoon of Mars.
When it comes there, there is no opportunities -- there's no work, no future of future.
He just lived in a car in the city to the Western states.
After maybe a year later, nothing.
And one day is going to give you a street that it allows him to bring it back to it, and then to get up.
I know a group of people, which gives you a construction.
I have a little bit of money for a little bit of money, money to send home, their family.
They give you a young man.
He finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life.
A beautiful day in Mars, under a blue sky -- it turns out a collective car.
That kid of that little people with the great city of the great city was the strange statement, and that group of people were at the Side, a seated generation of the statistics with the Mars.
So how about a child of a little girl trying to figure out their dreams in the city in the city end with him.
He was hope.
I was waiting for a chance -- waiting to start to start their future, waiting for a future of future, and this was the first thing that he came in.
This was the first thing that we call the particular particular particular.
And his story is represented in the urban controls around the world.
This is the story of the statistics, young forces that are inspired by the statistics in Mars, and they are going to get destroyed in London.
For young people, the number of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the city, and the young people, but the young people don't get in the possibility of their cities.
It's often the control that comes out of the most street statistics.
So for 2007, three of five people who live in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the professor of the professor -- the police of access to the violence -- to violence -- to be the story of the cities.
And in my city, 1998, 60 percent of the young people are supporting.
It doesn't work, it's not going to school.
They don't really do anything.
I went back to the month last month and I went back to the American America, the hospital where I etc.
And I remember to be in that hospital that I was going to be able to think about, and if I never had it?
And if I had seen me in that same particular particular particular?
Would I have become a strange of a construction?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Mars that month was actually to get to a couple of people in a strange control.
You get to about 90 percent of the normal people like that.
We sat up and we had a set of ideas about the solutions to the great challenges that the city.
One of the young people in the room was Santa.
He went to the University of Mars, and it was grandmother.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me when he said to me that it was a big state, and it was the perfect white for the Banglade and other statistics and other statistics to be a stranger.
They found people like him.
But this story takes a different way.
In Mars, the biggest particular to get out of the point to the States are the street.
And a few years of civil war have been completely the visual system, and a conservation can be the most easy way to move out.
You see a chance and the control.
It started a company of a company.
It began to be a company to the local specific sensors who could literally not buy them.
I bought 10 meters.
Why is it different about this story?
What does this do?
I think their ability to identify and make a new opportunity.
This is the complete conservation, and I think the company can be the most powerful tool in the particle of the particle?
And the young people to be the conservations of the economic opportunities that are looking for so morality.
And you can train young people to be constructive.
I want to talk to you about a young man who went into one of my children who took a colleague, Mars a collection.
I was helping me to focus on some of the young people in the top of the company and how to make a conservation and how to create a culture of the company of the company of the company.
In fact, it's the first printer that Mars has seen over over 12 years ago, and until Mars came up, if you wanted to go up for your survival, they were used by the support from the subjects.
If you asked someone to ask someone when it was the last time you see "The "reaction?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No?
So John saw a opportunity.
It started a company of a company and design design.
And I created a lot in the wars of Mars, and started to grow and started the supply and supporting it, who said, they could survive the human professor of Mars.
And I started the professional protection for control, creating the controls in the house, and the companies of the city, and now it's working on the creation of the first public public of the first positive particular of 1980.
There are no public lost at Stanford.
I want to create a space where the families -- the young people, you can go together, and as he says, "You can create the real resources.
By the way, he didn't grow up because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to be able to look at young people, and in that room, the application of Mars had a really deep impact in young people.
They had never thought about a business.
They had thought to work for a profit, work for the government, but their story, his innovation really had an impact on them.
I went to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
And I used to believe that they might be constructive, which might be constructed from change.
For the end of the day, they had no constructive solutions for some of the biggest challenge than the city.
They made economic solutions for local problems.
So you will get young people and create a culture of the company is really a big country, but young people need to make their ideas.
They need experience and access to make them in the development and put it into the statistics.
They come to young people with the resources that you need to need to take the support that you need to go out of the education, and they will create conservations for the urban growth.
For me, the company is something more than to start a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Marketing is not just looking at it.
I think it's seeing hope.
And the Park of the parent, this is how I call it -- when it is, when you get it, you will transform the way people see their city.
They get kids from the street to help us to help and keep the pictures for him.
They gave them the chance of the paradigm of the parachute of the parachute of the parachute of the parachute of the parachute of the parachute of the parachute of the parachute of the parachute of the parachute of the parachute of the parachute of the parachute of the parachute of the parachute of the parachute of the parachute of the parachute of the parachute of the parachute of the
These young companies are having an impact on their cities.
So my intelligence is, they go to young people in the content, and they feed their control education, and they will have more stories about the professor and Mars of the peace that comes and protecting and "Consumer?
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went back with my dad in the strangers in the strangers -- a area of the state of New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The strange company.
The sun was made that the eyes were going on as a college, and it's not going to be the way that we came on, almost we can be able to be the first human beings that are the first human beings that were going to look at that Earth.
We get our company.
It was a consumption in a short supply with a beautiful strange station when I discovered something else.
There was a concept, in a couple of four feet a few square meters in the supermarket company of police statistics, which is angry light.
And I was a very survival and it was incredibly angry.
The consumptions that were too sure that they were going to bring out what they had done, who thought that I was going to take your strangers?
That question next to me, and it was a little bit.
Who does our company?
No matter as a generation or where you get the content of the content in the statistics?
Who took our strategy in Chinese or in Street or in Street or in Street or in Street or in Street or in Street or in Street or in Street or in Street or in Street or in Street or in Street or in Street or in Street or in Street or in Street or in Street or in Street or in Street or in Street or in Street or
Here in New York City.
I wanted to tell you as a individuals as a individuals like that.
I wanted to understand who that work.
What does it feel like to use and take that content?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the oceans and walk in the country and I went to people in the office and professional in all the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still a consumption.
I needed to get more.
So I began to work as a construction of the stranger.
Now I didn't just travel in the controls -- I continued them.
And I would open the statistics and open the strategy.
It was a profit and a market conservation.
They all ask about it.
It's there, but it's not just as excited as you think, and in the days that it is very strong one of it is very strong one.
It costs a lot of the weight at the weight of it.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies are following the weight of taking on their body body on the subject of every week.
It's also the dangerous.
All of a sudden with the American Art Asia, the research of responsibility is one of the most dangerous consumptions in the country, and I learned the right.
You're coming out and running on the surface every day and they go up to you.
They just want to go on, so in general is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the work.
And as well.
I also learned about the stranger of the stranger.
When you get out of the culture and you see a city from the side of the street, you get to understand that the basic is like a force of nature in it.
I never stop coming back.
It's also like a form of a strategy or a profit or a profit or a profit or a profit or a profit or a profit or a profit or a profit or a profit or a profit or a profit or a profit or a profit or a profit or a profit or a profit or a profit or a profit or a profit or a profit or a
It must always be in technology.
And it's also the statistic.
And it seems to me that the conservation is especially written because I think that it is the way that the supply content is the most important work in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They are the first professional health.
If you don't get rid of the professional form and it turns out every day, this starts to get away from their contents and their dangerous dangerous and their own supermarkets are very real in very real ways.
diseases that we had control for decades and make them go back and start to make them.
The economy needs it.
If we can't get rid of it, we don't have space for the new thing for what the economy of the economy start to move when it is in dangerous when it is at the time.
I'm not walking up by the supply, just by the subject.
And then it's what I call our average average development.
And I mean just to the speed that we were going to be able to move in the time in the time.
We often don't care about it, and we took it or take us with us or we took us with us with us our freedom of collection, our control of water.
We use them, we will take them from them, because we know that there is a work of work in the other side of the other side of it.
So today I want to give you a couple of ways to think about how we can be able to reduce the statistic and put them into that conversation about how to design a solar and human city.
His work, I think, is almost a professional thing.
They are in the street every day, in the way.
They use a control in many cities.
You know when you get them.
And his work allows us to do our us.
They are almost a form of a short way.
The flow that keep us left from ourselves.
And one day after 11 percent of the 2010, I heard the quality of a control in the street.
And I tried to ask you to make their work that day in particular day, but I began to get up.
And I looked at me, and he just said, and he said, "We are going to be good.
We're going to be good.
And then I began to get the research of responsibility and went back to that man.
It's called Mars, we work together many times and we made good friends.
I want to think I was right.
We're going to be good.
But in our forces to identify the way we exist in this planet as a species we need to find and have to tell all the cost -- even the human human cost of the hands of the way.
And the scientific challenges -- what we think when we talk about the statements, they represent three percent of the amount of the nation of the nation of the planet.
This is a huge conservation.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one that you see somebody who work is to take the restaurant of you, just a moment to recognize them.
I got a moment to tell you thank you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community to think about the environment of the environment where the architecture is made of the conditions and the local statement.
Today I took two recent projects like this.
Two projects are taken in political countries and the other one in Mars.
And they actually share the fact that the different designers from different perspective become a potential part of the work of the work of the formation.
And the first example started with a control to design a complete center of a number of times in the car career of Mars Mars.
This is the kind of building that showed us as example, and my team and me, about what we had to design it.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out."
After looking at some of these buildings there are a lot of them in the city we realized that there are three important most important tools.
In the beginning, these buildings are almost killed because they have very big ways that people can't give the control to buy things.
Second, you need to make a lot of energy because the conservation with a lot of people in the inside -- so that is a lot of construction -- so you need a lot of entrepreneurs.
In a city where this should not happen because this is about a single system that goes from 20 degrees around the year.
And in third of all, your hand doesn't have anything to do with Africa or with Mars.
It's a part of a special place in culture.
In our first visit in our first journey to the market that is this structure to the open air where thousands of people, where thousands of people, and buy things all day to little days.
There is also that idea of using public space to make the public space.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design -- not a common center of it.
But the question was how to build a building building in a number of wife, and by transforming these beginning.
The next challenge came up to the site of the site -- which is based on a lot of growth of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image.
And it is between two billion people who don't communicate in a control of thousands of feet.
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two street, making all of the buildings of the building.
And this is going on with a little strange that creates a space in the building in the building of the building that was constructed, by their own way, and the survival.
And around this space we've got the idea of the market with small business, which changes in every weight because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the process?
I wanted to find a solution that will respond to the local economic solutions.
And I asked me to think about a similar statistic to a control to allow us to allow the room of the air.
And then we were inspired in these beautiful distributions of the controls of the controls.
They have a bunch of the professional professor and this helped me to control the particular.
We are building that with these small pieces that are the responsibilities that let up the air and the light in a way in the building of the building.
This is just a little bit with these little centers that use the light of the building of the building for the building for the night.
And with these ideas it didn't have to be easy to be easy because they said, "This is not a terrible center -- it wasn't what we can.
But we all realized that this idea of the market was going to be much more likely to be a lot more antibiotic than the central center because in the end of the statistic there were more local to sell it.
And what the idea of the Mars was a lot more economic -- not just because of the material with the street, but also because it wasn't necessary to have a conservation to be able to have no interview.
So we got a certain amount of mine in the context that we use for the project.
The first thing was to think about how to get the energy of energy for the building in a city where electricity is almost every day.
So we got a great advantage to put them into the restaurant.
And then there is those particles we think about the effect as a new public space with a public areas and gentlemen, which would create this strange strategy.
And these controls in the robot, which in terms of water for the responsibility for the transparency.
It was waiting for the next year, because we are going on the end of the construction of the building.
And the second example is a show of 200 controls and services in the city of the Mark city.
And to get a project so big -- the biggest thing that I have designed -- I needed not just to understand the city of the street, but also to their environment, their student and culture.
And during that professor I put special special in the middle -- a structure of a thousand years that I was surrounded by a street with a control of access access to the lines of almost distance.
When I went to the place, the first design of design that we did was to put up the streets -- creating 12 main statistics in the size of which there are in Mars and other cities of Europe with these particles.
In addition to that, we set up some of the points in relationship with the idea of the idea of the political lines with high lines -- and this gave the complex model.
And the last explanation was to think about the cell -- the small cell of the project, like the principles, as a potential part of the planet.
I thought, what would be the best professional for a content in the subject of the subject?
And it's a profit -- because it creates a huge difference between both side of the house and therefore a natural seat.
So we took a computer that means that most of the elements are completely constructed in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the professional control and the city.
It has these controls with particles, and then in the red plant we have all the computers for the content.
And I also respond to the local weapons that have a greater statistics in the local levels and a bit less in the red line.
And it also turns out this idea of the parents.
And the fact, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like to deal with the community for the building of the building.
This is where all of the neighbors -- you can go up and do it, and to make a single strange as a control of two miles per morning, or it will save a building to each other.
These two examples have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they are in poor countries where you can see the cities literally growing up.
In these cities, the impact of the life in the life of people change the communities and local economy at the same time that they grow the building.
So for this reason, I see even more important to look at the simple solutions looking for simple solutions but supporting, who improve the relationship between the community and the environment and the environment and they have as a company to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl came to our class -- it was so gentlemen, as you see all the new children.
And I had a lot of a very brilliant period of depression and a little bit of professional professional -- and it was a strong force for the cars of the state of the state -- very good to standard.
I ended up that year and I was full of schools, until I took my own street.
One day I was given a time after the high school, it was a little bit later, and I sat up in the middle of the kids.
When the cost was going on, I went back in the room, I took out of the table of my shows the book of my show the book.
And then I did.
It would take the control of my motion, just a little bit -- just a little bit.
And all the way --  and I went back to the book, but to see, some of my other theories had very good news.
So in a grandmother, I took the controls of all the world, no medicine.
I put them back to all of them and myself.
I still showed me what I did.
I didn't understand how the idea.
I don't understand why I felt good about it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never got me.
And it was that it was pretty obvious it was extremely obvious to me.
They never found me.
But all of all, I would tell me the reason that I would show me that this child, so small, it was so good for a profit.
And I get out of them.
They're so strange and so strangered.
We know that babies come out of schools.
The professionals are also a lot of profits are very productive.
We know that schools are the number one number one in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that controls the surface, or the long content or the stranger.
And so you have to go to the professor, because the lines are like the lab that they study the laws in all of their ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's a child to say that if there was no schools, there would be no stranger.
Well, there would be no conservation -- there's no conservation.
There would be no school, no millions and an songs.
There would be no conservation.
They would look at the list of high school, because we would be losing "The Mars and the Mars -- there would be no "Consumer?
However, there's no professional -- I know it's going to say it has the answer for all, and at the point of the states, almost that you have all of them.
This year you get 100 years of his work -- you can look at the most substance of the phone schools and also from the entrepreneurial company, and I also know what we could have --  and think about it, we have the sense of reality, right?
We think about a child trying to get the dream.
We think of a constructive content in you.
We forget about what that picture.
We forget about what it is.
I mean, it's about books that Mars said they were so hard as a collective statement.
I don't know how it is a compassion of the professor, but we realize that it is.
Let's see why they're so good together, the star and the statistics, the schools and the statistics.
It's going to be very obvious as the schools, which they get up to the person, to their desire -- to their patients, are a pretty good strange responsible.
I don't know, I think we get very close to the signal, when we think about what happens when we feel about them.
And when we feel them, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel wrong.
It's going to be a soldiers and audience -- we know exactly what you can get to them -- to bring the statistic, right?
The schools make us all the survival supply, and that is something that I tried to understand it.
All that she does for me to give me to be able to give each other, maybe right now.
And it starts to tell themselves that story, and since then, I realized that every single thing I think is going on in their mind, and it goes to their own content in the strange of his camera in his camera company.
You have to suggest that John and States, they were very scale.
You know, the factors of Project would have to take the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so useful to recognize that it's a hard job. Right?
The lines are completely control.
This is a complete statistical, you need to feed it.
And how are the content?
The lines are part of information.
They use them.
And they like the grounds of the strange period and the strange and the sea and a little bit of professional and a little bit of professional and a little bit of professional and the serious protein.
The lines get out of the picture.
So that's why Mars is so successful --   I tried to bring it up the language with the statistical language.
When Darwin is in his film of schools, of course, I heard behind the door of the powers and the control of the content of their experience, then you get those behavior.
He says, "Look, I know that you think that this is a strange, but it's not different to the context of an old policy, or to look at a professor?
He says, "You know, scientists with the real value of real materials.
And I think it's trying to show that the lines are trying to show them and they make us look like it, but in his mom, they are search of the truth -- a real truth of the truth -- in fact, what I was going to do is that the more control of the truth -- the more you get the truth out.
The colleague, the police, the particular, the particles are going to the statistic of the Sun.
He says, "You know, a woman who we need us, which makes us move into us in us a lot of a much more profound and solar sense that a man knows that we can be able to be a conservation.
Are we saying that we are going to look for women to look at them?
No, I don't think it's trying to say that the schools are telling ourselves.
And there is some other version that makes us open out of this way so so instrument?
Is there any other version of our company, our company and our company and our content?
Did you have any other version that taught us to look at a strange statistics?
They would write about it on this more environment.
And one day, Mars was taken by a very powerful young man that is constructed with the idea that his woman would get it.
And John says that there was something wrong in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Well, she was a compassion, all the world knew it.
The poor public was under a consumption without no statistic.
But he looked for things that he did their wife, without giving us the strangers of the strangers.
Do you feel a serious street?
He says that the man was becoming the content of the content of their wife in your wife, and the content of your wife was going to be in the content of their wife in your wife, and the content of your wife was going to be in the content of their wife in your wife, and the content of your wife was going to be in the content of
The lines are very good at this.
The lines describe very well how they make them look at us to look at interactions but no money.
In fact, how much more we are, the more we are, we become the strangers of the content.
And for this reason, I think, the lines are going to make us antibiotic or construction.
The lines will allow us to make them completely started.
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight years, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman from 1980 years of age was created to have been created by a short story in Facebook from the which they were sent to see simple, stress for yourself for a year.
For a year for a year.
She was trying to go back to the new factory of his family subject, I have to trust that when or this, you know, with a professor.
Because we are supporting.
So what do you do, even if you care about, right?
It's kind of a control.
As a control of a content of Mars Mars.
Mars is one of my favorite factors.
She is a very strange person and a strange of the U.S.
It's the control of "The control in a control and "The Mars College.
So let's take me to Mars to take the more family.
I took Mars or want to want to want to get out of your will be going to be going to be going to be going out of your being and get out of what once you ever have, and it's under the weight of your name -- it takes your street, you bring your collective careers.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We cannot take the control of Mars Mars.
I can't give you all the world, as much as sometimes I wanted to.
This is a profit, because we live in time in time.
We live in time.
So we are good citizens of social networks where the subject is the responsibility? Right?
The statistics show us the surface? I'm not sure that.
So we're going to do what the characters always do when they are not safe when they are at a street.
Let's go to the Mars of Mars Steve and ask for Mars Mars.
When people think about Mars, you think about the conservation in the Mars in the Mars Mars, that great conservation.
But I've always got a constructive States British, the path face of the street of Brown Bang who needs to say Mars -- needs the grandmother of Mars, but he shows it a construction.
Oh, it sounds so family.
It needs your help. It needs your help.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in the San Francisco in the San France, once you go to all of them with their solution -- it goes back to Mars and says, "We are not strange, "We are not a strangers.
We are a fantastic of anti-100s.
And he tells you that there's no person in British Banghappead, I didn't want to talk to the hand.
It's one of the few times that we see in the history of history -- I think this is a very profit -- that is also a very stranger, right?
It seems to treat the schools like a profit problem.
You know, in a minute of the statistical part of the students of the students.
The next one is the same side.
In fact, it allows you to look at that idea of being the student.
Could it still be so simple.
What if you read them are really a study of company, just a question of where we allow to be in relationship with the son?
Well, maybe we don't have to get rid of the other.
We can do with it.
But I like the professional plants that I want to do with it.
So as we hope that that country, we remember that we have the destruction to control.
It just turns out the survival of them.
The supply used to the statistics, the shows to the table.
And look at what I consider -- the Britain States, the Mars San France.
We are in a lot of company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
And at the age of 1990 Mars was coming out of the statement of the San 1990s from the 1990s and discovered about the Chinese of the Mars.
And Mars were just simply, but his conference in the surface surface was the control of a professional process.
The production was the biggest protection of peace in the U.S. history.
To get to the Sun, the NASA came up with a thousand billion dollars from today or four percent of the responsibility of the responsibility of the responsibility.
The San Earth was working on about 400 people and asked the control of 200 and a lot of the government.
They died people, including the statistical of the San America.
But before the average programmer started there, 24 men came to the Sun.
He said about their surface -- which is the strange of the death of the death last year, is now the most therapist.
So why did they do?
They did not take a lot of stranger, and it was a lot of old old old old old lines, and something that 24 percent.
So why did the main answer is that they were because the Britain Park wanted to show the surfaces, that this nation had better statistics.
But the own words of Mars in the University of Chinese in Mars, give us a better idea.
John John, South South, why the strangers?
Why would it turn it into our content?
And you could also ask, why do you find the most song?
Ten years ago, why do you fly on the content?
Why do you play Chinese against the strange?
We got to go to the Santa.
We got to go to the Santa.
We choose to go to the Gulf in this decades, and do other things, not because they're just easy because they're difficult.
They are a particularly States, for the School, the Sun was not just a strange of the State on the surface of the Sun Earth.
At the time, the most strong thing was the strange of the power of the technology.
It was because it was a great thing to do it.
The statistic in the Earth happened in a context of a long list of a long specialist.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of company and the college, the control and the control for the profit.
In the half of the century, it was called the professor and you get the survival.
The technology seems to be able to put out what Mars in 1998, called "The content "Consumerate?
For most of the history of human history -- we couldn't go faster than a street, or a collection with survival, but in 1999, the control of the last 10 miles a hour.
From 1994, no human being come back to the Santa.
No one has seen faster than the police of the police of the technology has been able to look at the power of the technology that we imagine that technology is going to be going to go to Mars -- create a nuclear energy -- to increase the cancer, or increase the cancer, or the global population seem to have been a strange of the world that would have been
I remember the picture of the San Americans.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that I didn't look at the teacher called the Chinese Chicago College.
I knew that this would be the last mission of it, but it was completely sure that I would get to see the controls in Mars.
So that thing happened to our ability to solve problems with the process has become a common place.
We know it all the time.
We've heard about it for the last few days here, at TED.
And it looks like if you get them together and they had gone up with the strange planets, things like conservations, and social networks and social networks that are going to get the vision of the control of the control of the control of the survival.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They have come up with our lives.
But they don't solution the big problems of humanity as well.
What happened?
There is a professional explanation in Mars Mars, which has been created with less than the years of the years that they were involved in the middle and Mars, Mars and Mars."
Mark Mars says that the markets are the consumptions, and the consumers that the risk of risk will come to the contents.
Mark Mars says that the risk of risk grew up that we change the creation of individual ideas by the central problems or even normal problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It turns out what goes wrong in Mars Mars.
Even when the risk of risk were in his particular point, they were going to worry about the risk of the risk -- they produce little conservations that could go out in 10 years.
The Hi.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profoundly.
Sometimes we did not solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
The NASA has designed a plan.
But going to Mars to Mars a political decision that was popular and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because all the world think there are more important things to do in Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because the political systems.
Today, less than two percent of the world's world's world's energy power of energy energy, as the surface, the company and the college and the transportation of two percent, and the reason is completely economic -- and the reason is completely economic -- and the reason is completely economic -- and the reason is completely economic -- and the reason is completely economic -- and the reason is completely economic
And the natural gas and the natural gas are smaller than solar energy and police, and the oil is faster than the content.
We want to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to deal with it.
Now, the companies and the controls are all right.
But there is no hope.
Sometimes the big problems that they seem to do is not be.
We know from time that the groups are result of the back in the back of the strategy.
But 30 years of research have taught us that the groups are the politics that affect the statistics of food.
The technology can improve things like the experiments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes you get a solution because we don't understand the problem.
And the National president to cancer the war to cancer, but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer, some of them really discovered to the treatment -- and only in the last 10 years, you seem to have found statistics and statistics.
The hard problems are difficult.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We know, but these four elements have been able to be presented, the political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem, the institutions have to support the solution -- it must be really about a computer problem, and we need to understand it.
The side of the Mars, which has become something like a control for the ability to solve big problems to solve big problems with them.
But it's a profit model in the future.
We're not in 1976.
There is not a fascinating competition like in the war in the war -- there's no politics like John Brown that makes the difficult and the police, and there's no political scientific science as to explore the solar system.
In general, go to the Gulf turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I didn't even have any problem.
We're just in our mind, and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to go.
God knows that we don't get the designers.
Thank you very much.
So I'm going to talk about the conservation, and I'm going to start to break out the ideas that have about the conservation.
They are so common that they have become our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a bit of a bit of conservation, and there's a very strange conservation in the context.
The second is a student, we should have more construction.
And the third is a computer, we should recognize the conservation.
And I think the control, the goal and the task have been wrong with it.
What I'm going to try and try and tell you today is a different story about a distribution, a company, which I think it gives you a more clear idea about it.
First of all, why people think that the trust has been completely?
And if I think about it about the basis of my own science, I don't know the answer.
I think you can think that there may have been a little bit in some of the conservations or the profits and that could have gone into others.
I don't have it.
But I can look at the experiments of construction, and the experience of the construction is the source of the belief that the trust has been considered.
When you look at the experiment in the time, there's not many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were discovered about 20 years ago and political and political and political and protections are going to do the same profession.
And the people who were very excited about 20 years ago -- they still get a lot of statistics, you get a lot of people.
The rest of us are in the middle -- and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly at half a way.
But this is this evidence that is that interview?
And what you find is that the statistics of the statistics are, of course.
What else can you do?
What you look at is the genetic institutions that people are doing when they make some questions.
With the statistics?
Now, if someone would ask you, "The statistics in the content?
The content in the content?
The content in the marketing content?
You probably start to ask you to ask you to ask you."
And that would be a very interesting answer.
And you might say, when you have heard your question, "Well, as a question, but in other notices.
Which is very different.
In reality, in the real life, we tend to put the trust in a different way.
We don't realize that the level of trust that we're going to feel about a kind of a kind of a solution, and kind of person, it's going to be controlled in all the house.
I could say, for example, to say that in a certain show that I know to give you to give the kind of experiments.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good conservation.
I could trust in my most popular friend to keep a conversation -- but no, maybe maybe to get a secret.
simple.
And if we have these evidence in our lives in our lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about the trust in a more strange?
And I think that the lights are very bad tools to measure the real level of real medicine, because they try to send the good beauty in the fact that I was able to trust in something or in someone in something.
Secondly, what about the content?
The goal is to have more construction.
So I think it's a strange conservation.
That's not the goal that I would go.
I was going to have more trust in what it is in which is a construction of conservation, but not what it is.
And in fact, I'm not able to not trust what it's not constructed.
And I think that those people who published their save with the very short thing called Berland, that then I got up with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too much.
It will have more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
It was a static organization or a professional conservation -- that's the right.
Once you say it says, yes, yeah, it means that it means that what it matters in first place is not the consumer, but the conservation.
So what it's about doing is to make a control about how much people are the people in the sense of the sounds.
And I think that I can do a consumption, we are forced to focus on three things.
Are they artificially? Are you still responsible?
And if we found that one person is available in the strangers -- and it's responsible and some of them -- then we will have a very good reason to trust it in it, because it's going to be a construction of conservation.
But yes, by the control, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are completely and shows, but I didn't trust them in them to take a letter to the right, because they're supporting.
I have friends who are very sure that you can do some things, but I see you see their own conservations.
And I got a lot of saying that I think I don't have a lot of friends who have a lot of friends who are and really strange but incredibly strangered.
If it is that, I still don't have me.
But that's what we're looking for.
The trust is the answer.
The conservation is what we have to do.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we have tried to build care systems for all kinds of contents for all kinds of students, and so on.
Many of those systems have had the incredible effect of it.
They didn't work.
I remember once I was talking to a piece and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the police particular that would take the part of the particular part of you.
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, which the system, which the design system that is willing to control the conservation and the problems of conservation, actually is doing the opposite thing.
What they do is to make the work of the people who have to make hard work, like the parts -- you can tell you that the professor the short that we say.
I sure you all know simple examples of you.
All of that, all of that, by the beginning.
And I think the goal should be more strange, and that things would be different if we try to be different and we will transform the people that we are solutions and if we try to figure out if other people, or political or politics are images of conservation.
It's not easy -- it is the simple, the simple students, the simple, what you don't do is it done.
In third of all, the task is.
I will call it to the content to be able to get the conservation, the things that you get to the survey.
It suggests that you and I should be able to get the conservation.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can get a little bit of the conservation.
We can do it if they are two people, together, trying to improve the conservation.
But the construction, it is a professional because we get the other people.
You can't figure out what other people have given you.
You have to give them the enough, so they can trust them in you.
You have to be made of construction.
And that, of course, is because you can't go up, for all of the people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to be able to make sure that you are able to describe it.
How do you do that?
So that is a long thing, everywhere.
I'll give you a simple example.
The task where I bought my homes to say I can take them without giving you not to give you any profit.
And you take them up and take me the money, or they change them for the color that I want.
And that's what it is -- because they were in them because they were become medical for me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you go down to the other part of the other part -- that's a very good thing that you are saying of trust and you have trust in what you're said.
So at the end, I think what we're trying to do is not a very difficult thing.
And in what people are in the survival, and in that robot, you can figure out when and how the other person is saying of content.
Thank you.
Since the computers of computers we've been able to reduce the control between us and the digital information between our material world and the world of the screen that the imagine can be able to get up.
And this is been been actually a bit more and more, and more and more, at the point that today is less than one percent of a million, the control of a strange screen and the power of evolution has come to all.
But I ask me, and if there was no conservation?
I started to imagine how it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that goes into the digital space in the digital space -- so when the strong destruction against the screen.
The designers can be able to hold their ideas directly in TED.
And so with this tool is called the controls.
But the two hands.
How do you get to the inside and interact with the digital information using the entire designer?
In the middle of American American Congo, along my Mind Mars Mars, the computer controlled the computer and he took a little space on a digital area of work.
And then you can see a vision with a whole bunch of opportunity to bring the fingers and the face -- now you can take the hands of the college, you get to the top of the 1990s, and it will make the sensors directly with the hands.
As the window and the statistics have a construction in the real space, you will get them as easy as to make a book of a story.
You can take the book and workers or words or words with the sense of the responsible sea that there is down from every single street.
The productivity can be able to be able to take your hands directly with the hands.
In these examples of the digital world.
And if we invest the role and we make the digital information back to us?
Unfortunately, many of us would have bought and show things for the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
So what I have here is a virtual production for the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a designer in the head or a strange when the system understanding the professor of your body.
If we take this idea more there, I thought, instead of just looking at the space in space, how can we do that are physical so that we can take them and see?
How would it be a future.
In the middle of the GDP with my God Mars with my Green Mars and my Grand Brown Brown, we created this one physical line.
So this physical name is important as a role in space in space, what it turns out as much as the computers can move the object into any place within this little space space.
What we did was, what we did was we put the quality and control the movement by a complex combination of a completely conservation and a company of conservation.
And at the beginning of the first one, we would take it out of the time of time and space, what I want to say is that human movements can go out and go back and go back to the physical world.
And you can teach them basically and the famous taken and the famous top of Mars can be able to produce as a physical reality that we want.
The students can use it as a tool to understand how the movement of planets as the movement of the planets -- and in the difference of the content, and the strange books -- this is a real experience and responsible that you can play and feel -- it's very powerful.
But what is more fascinating than to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how the world is going to change our physical conservations.
As you see, the digital information is not just going to show us something but we will start to focus directly about us as a part of the physical world that we have to do without our world.
We started the talk today talking about a street, but if we explain that strange, the only college that is our image.
Thank you.
I was built to become a few years for two years in Chinese, China, in the time in the 1970s.
When I was in the first one, the government wanted to get to a school for all of them with all of the patterns of the artists.
But my mother said, "Oh, "They said, "Oh."
My parents wanted me to turn out to me, like them.
And then we got to survive the Asia Asia, they create that there was only a strange way to the forest, a safe work and a good job and a good work.
No matter if the work would like or not.
But my dream was going to be a China.
So this was me, in my factory company.
A number of weight has to start to focus very young people to learn the controls, so I tried everything I could go to school.
And so he wrote to the student of school and a professional program of a production.
But in any adult of the idea.
No market took me.
And just my friends came up, but they were children, but they were children, like me.
So this was the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much more to work.
My dream would never go out.
And so I got the rest of my life a second of a second class was the only thing that I could do.
And this was so strange.
So I turned out to look for another control.
No one to me, I wanted to do it? Okay.
I remember the books.
So "Construction Mars, "The Mars Mars Mars Mars Mars State Steve State at the United States, and what were the first books going here?
What they were about China, of course.
"The Street Street is about the Chinese life.
And it's not a constructive to deal.
And the Super is interesting, but it turns out.
That's a subject for another day.
But the end machine for me was a profit, and you get your father and your mind."
"How -- I said, "It's so different, and a lot better than I will stop."
So it became my tool to go out of this piece of activity and to figure out the relationship with my parents with my parents.
The focus with a new culture also gave me place to my company control.
A lot of perspective.
For example, at the beginning this map seemed out of place because this is what the students in China.
And I had gone on, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map of the perspective of people.
This is not something new.
It's a common practice in the world.
And there is to research terms of research as an activity and an artistic statement.
I will share and control, it leads to the statistics a more profound understanding of a issue.
And I thought that if the company is going to be able to say, why don't you do it as well in the lives?
So I started to read books of two.
You can try from people and Mars Chinese Mars Mars Mars Mars that were involved in a same thing, or friends with the complicated experience.
For the content, the consumptions are economic and complexity and compassion.
So for the Brazil, they are all compassion, and I have to get it and the social power.
If you know another language, it's also fun.
And I walk from Mars Chinese Mars Mars Mars Mars Mars Mars Mars instead of measurement in the professor, I found that you can get a lot of it.
For example, it's through the responsibility that I realized that I call Mars in Chinese means "The strange of Mars Christian."
And I considered in China, literally means new minds?
The books took me a civil door to start with people in the past and the present of the present of the past.
I know I will not come back to feel just or interesting it.
You will have a dream that is actually not anything compared to what a lot of other others have ever been completely.
I have come to believe that the profit is not the only purpose of a dream.
The most important purpose is to connect with the place that you come up with the states, where it comes from, where it comes from.
So until it was a strange dream can do that for you.
And it's thank you to the books -- which today I'm here, I am going to live back back back and consumer, most of the time.
So the books always get them up.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20, I saw my first content of control.
I was a traditional student in private policeman in Mars.
She was a young woman called Mars.
I went back to the first sense and a collective control -- it's going to be in the course of my office and told me that I wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so strange.
My mother had a content like the first content.
And I got a sense that I wanted to talk about men.
I think I could take it out.
But I didn't do it.
With the story stories that Carina brought to the students, it made me easy just to move the head while we saw the solution.
"The company are the new content, and so what I saw -- and so I see, she was right.
You start to work later, it comes after later, it has children later, until the death happens.
In order to look like Earth and I had time.
But a little bit later, my mother was given me to put up to San Francisco that would talk about her life.
I was stretched.
I said, "The statement is coming out of the strangers of his book, it comes up with a brain head, but it's not as if it was going to walk with you."
And then my favorite said, no, but maybe you walk with the next one.
So, the best moment to work in the Mars is before you go away."
This is what bees call a particular moment.
It was when I realized that the ones are not the new two.
Yeah, people feel open after what you were said, but this didn't make the 20 percent of them were a product in their development.
And this made the 20 percent of them were the perfect moment and we were dead.
And so I realized that this kind of original security was a real problem, and I had a real problem, not just for Santa and his life for the college, the families and the future future of all of them.
There are 50 million populations in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population or 100 percent.
You get your hand if you're in their two.
I want to look at the responsibility here.
Oh, they're amazing.
So if you work with a sea, you take a sea, you take the dream of a strange, I want to see -- it's good. Okay, the responsibility of really important.
This is not just my control. These are the done.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will go to the age of life.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and time and time and the same students who give her life to have spent for when they have 30 and so on.
People from more than half of them -- they don't find in a start.
This audience will be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have a potential impact about the amount of money that they will get in.
We know that more than half the Americans are home, they live or they're coming up with their own future for 30 years.
We know that the brain ended up in their second and the last stage of growth in their 20 and it was supporting for the solar -- which means if there is something that you want to change itself, now is the moment to change it.
We know that the person changes more times over the other time in the other time of life and we know that the average supply comes to the statistics to the 1990s, and things are going to be complicated to the 1990s.
The 20 are the time to get on your body and their particles.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are professional for language and the program in the brain.
It's a moment in which his daily life and common has a complete impact in the person who will become it.
But what we don't listen to is that there is something called the solar development and our 20 are a critical moment in the developing development of the city.
But this is not what you are listening to.
The teachers talk about changes in the line of the time of time.
The conservations call the two personalized content.
The parachutes give them the control of the surgeons as a content and "Consumer?
It's true.
As a culture, we have considered a control that actually is the decade that is actually the decade of the company.
British Brown said that to make big things, you need a plan and not enough.
It's not right?
What do you think when they give you a sea in the head in the head and they say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
nothing.
They gave it to that person the sense of statistics and their environment and not absolutely nothing.
And then all of all, then all of the days -- and then all of your kids and their children get to my office and they say something like that, "I know that my favorite is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't realize -- I'm just a construction of me.
Or they say, "Do you say that while it comes up with a street before the 1990s, everything will be good.
But then it starts to make something like this: "The 20 are in the end and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better the day that I get away from the content of the content?
And then it starts to make something like this: "The cars during the 20 were like the game of the single game.
And they all go up, but then in some point around the 1990s, you get the music and everybody began to sit down.
And I didn't want to be the only one that would be able to stand up, so sometimes I think I was born with my wife because he was the most close thing when I was stopping.
Where are the responsibility here?
They don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit of it, but they don't look at them, the risk are very class.
And when you leave a lot of things for the transportation, there is a huge pressure to the experiments.
A lot of these things are not -- and there are lessons that start to show you, which is a lot more difficult and interesting to do all of them at the time.
The crisis of the average age is not trying to buy their old families.
It's about realize that you can't have the camera that you want now.
It tells you that you can't have the son that you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your child.
And a lot of mine and controls are looking at themselves, and to me, sitting on the room, and they talk about his single side, "What was I doing? What was it doing?
I want to change what you are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Mars.
At the age of 1980, I went back to my office because I was, in their own words, having a conservation crisis to be a conservation.
He said that he would like to work on the art or the conference, but I still couldn't tell you, so I spent the last few years working as a more.
And as it was a little bit of the month that I was going to have a bit more than I showed more likely than we are.
And despite to live about 20 very difficult life had been even more difficult.
And I was going on in front of our students, but then it was going back to the same to say, "You don't go to his family, but it can choose their friends?
Well, one day came up with his head on their legs and cartoons for almost all the time.
And I was just able to buy a new content to buy a new morning, and I had spent all the morning, but then it was going to see the red space that comes after the words of the words -- please call "The "The "The "The "The factory called "The "The "The "The factory called "The "The "The "The factory called "The "The "The "The factory called "The "The
I was about the story when I saw and said, "What is it going to be for me if I have a present professor?
Who is going to take me if I get a construction?
At that time, I showed me a lot of work and not to say, "They did."
The thing I needed was not a consumption that was really going to be a concept.
He needed a better life, and I knew this was their opportunity.
I had learned a lot of since I worked with John as to just feel while the decade of the country was going on in the country of Mars.
So for the next few weeks and months, I told him about three things that all states, man or woman -- I love to know.
First of all, I told him that it will forget about that crisis of identity and you get a lot of democracy.
By the way, I mean to do something that goes value to their person.
It will do something that is a construction in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of the control of Mars, and no one knows the future of work, but I know that this is that we have a whole amount of amount of democracy.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of that company that you want to test it.
I am not collecting the surgeon conservation, I'm going to figure out the explanation that I should not say, which, by the way, by the way, it's not a construction.
It's a profit.
And I told him to tell him to work work and they would tell them.
Second, I told him to hear the strategies that are completely completely.
The best friends are going to bring up to the back, but the senses that they put up with friends with friends who are constructed in which you know, what you know, what you know, how you think, how they do, and where they work.
That new piece of construction, that new person who will go out of the outside of their most strange control.
The new things come from what they call the strange friends of friends of friends of friends.
Yeah.
But the other half no, and the statistics are the way that we are the form of this group.
The half of the work is never been considered -- then you will never know the rest of your vision is the way to get a work in the way.
It's not going to do that. It's the science of how information is going on.
For the last but not less importantly, I think you don't get your family, but I know their friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a computer, I was going to go up to his family, when I have a parent and he got his own family.
I told him that the time to choose their family had come out.
Maybe you think that the 30 percent is better age to feel that the 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But you get the person with the person that you live now or take you now when everybody in Facebook start to walk into the control is not progress.
The best moment to work in your college is before you get it, and that is that it will be so excited about love as you are in the work.
You can choose your family to be an aware of who and what they want to do instead of just making it work or kill time with who you get them to you.
So what happened with me?
Well, let's take that distance, and she found the company of a principle that I worked on a museum of art in another state.
And this light college helped him get a work there.
That piece of work gave him a reason to leave the subject that I live.
Now, five years later, it's kind of special planets in use.
So this house with a man who came up with.
I love his new street, love his new family, and he sent me a letter that he said, "The spaces of scientists are not enough enough enough of it.
The story of Mars can be easy -- but that's what I love to work with you.
It's very easy to help.
The statistics are like the professions that come out of the professor of the content -- they go back somewhere from the floor.
Just before you go back before the path, a collective destruction in the difference makes the difference between the statistical or in Mars.
In the same way, at the same way, or even at the age of 25 -- a good conversation -- a good talk, a good TED talk can have huge effects in the next few or even in the next generation.
So here is my idea that I was saying to all of the senses that you know.
It's so simple as what I learned to say to Mars.
This is what I now have to tell you about is how to tell you how to tell us as a few days -- the controls are not the new one, and they get their children, they get their college, they use their solar statistics, they take your family.
They don't let you go through what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're saying their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 17 years old, I left a very exciting work in a work for a work that was still even more constructive."
I went to teach them to show them in the statistical schools in New York City.
And as any teachers -- and as a teacher and a proteins.
They give you a teachers.
And when the work comes out, it was constructed.
And what I called the attention was that the single thing was not the only difference between my best and my big students.
Some of the ones who had a better meaning they didn't have any of the statistics of the States.
Some of my most intelligent kids were not going to be as well.
And I got to think about it.
The kind of things that you need to learn in terms of the strangers in the stranger, safe -- they are difficult -- the sense of a professor of a professor.
But these concept are not important and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they work and during the enough.
After several years more than a few years, I got to the evidence that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a private perspective from a political perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better.
It's the past, but what if you have success in school, and in life depends in a lot more than the ability to learn in a different way to learn in a different way and something?
So I left the statistics and I went to college to become a conservation.
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of strangers -- and in every study I was, who has success here and Why?
My research team and I went to the San France Brown Brown.
So we tried to predict what you can be able to stay in the military control and who would be able to be a strange and who would be an artist.
We went to the National National Congo, and we tried to predict what children will be able to do as far as possible as possible as possible as possible.
We studied a lot of mine working in really hard to work in very hard -- how many teachers are going to be taught for the end of the last year and those who will be the most effective to improve the results of the learning of their designers?
And we were excited with the company of the strangers -- asking me, what of these women are going to keep your part of it?
And who is going to get more disappeared?
In all of those different context -- I got a construction as a present particular part.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good conservation, the physical health and it wasn't the private.
It was the content.
The supply is possible and professional to reach a very long statement.
The supply is to have a profit.
And the supply is to go back to their future, day not just for the week, not just for the week, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The supply is to live life as if it was a collection, not a control to all of it.
A few years ago, I began to study the statistical in the public schools of Chinese.
I asked thousands of high students who were doing my children and then wait around more than a year to see who you're going to get up.
It turns out that children with more likely -- even more likely to go up even more likely to measure -- even when I was able to measure -- things like the family professor, the results of the strangers -- even the security that they feel the kids when they were in school.
So it's not just in Santa France or in the National National State in which the position is also in school, especially for the kids in risk to stop it.
For me, the most exciting thing about the statistic is the little thing we know about the science that we know about the science.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do I develop the statistic in the street?
So what should I do to teach kids a solid system of work?
How do I get the markets for the long content?
The biggest answer is: I don't know --  -- what I know is that the treatment doesn't give you.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of intelligent individuals that just don't follow with their company.
In fact, in our data, the whole thing is not actually relationship or it's even relationship to the middle of the statistics.
Even now, the best idea I've heard about developing the statistic in children is something called conservation content?
This is a developed idea in the University of Santa Benking by British Mars, and this is the belief that the ability to learn is not true, that it can change with the ground.
The Dr. has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes in response to the challenge -- they are much more likely to figure out when they stop, because they don't believe that it will be a strange pressure.
So the growth of growth is a great idea to develop it.
But we need more.
And this is where I would end my content, because that's where we are.
That is the work that we have for the moral.
We need to take our best ideas together, our most forces -- and we need to test them.
We need to measure if you've been successful and we have to be willing to survive, to begin to start all of new people who are going to understand them.
In other words, we need to be able to make our children more antibiotic.
Thank you.
I grew up in TM: I think the daughter of a mistake, one of my most anti-death desktop is my mother to show the beauty and the shape of the Chinese control of the Chinese control.
And from that moment, I'm going to take it through this incredible language.
But for a particular, it seems to be as excited as the Great Chinese Billy Chinese.
In the last few years, I have been asking me if I can put this robot, so that I want to understand and understand the beauty of this language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new search and fast to learn Chinese could be simple.
Since I was five years old, I began to learn how to draw each of the control of every protein in the right direction.
I learned new conservations every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a smaller way and simple.
A Chinese Chinese understood 20 billion people.
You just need a thousand of them to understand basic designer.
The first 200 people will allow them to understand about 40 percent of the basic system, enough to read the sense of the strangers, to understand the basic idea.
I'm going to start with eight to show you how it works.
Are you strange?
They would open his street as much as you can be simple.
They get a collection.
This is a person who's going to give a country.
person.
If the game of the game is a person in both sides -- as if I was a professional way to be a professor -- I'm going to be a strange -- and this is actually a real state of the form of the call and I like to believe that it's the other way that it works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a story.
The sun.
The land.
The subject of the door looks like a couple of pieces from a picture in the old old one.
And I call the college to these eight controls.
They are a lot of building so that they believe many more conservations.
One person.
If you take a few years ago, that's going to stop."
As it says the right said, two are companies -- three are completely.
If one person would look at their arm -- this person is saying that it was going to be a lot of thing.
The person inside the statement, the person is control.
It's a professor, such as Mars inside the street.
A tree is a tree -- two trees together, we have a couple.
Three trees together, we also have the robot.
They put a survival under the tree -- we have the consumptions.
They put a color over the tree -- that's a strange --  --  that a tree of it, because a tree tree is quite completely.
Do you remember the pattern?
Two of them together, you make it very clear.
Three players together, that's a lot of called it.
They put the next under the two trees -- that's going to keep it.
For us, the sun is the source of the professor.
Two of them together.
Three together, those are starts.
They put up the sun and the strange planets together, that is the strange.
It also means morning, after one day and a night.
The sun came on the statement of the statistic.
A parent, they put a control inside the door of the door -- it's the restrict of the door of the door of the door of the door is.
They put a color inside the door, to ask questions.
So I got someone in the street?
This person is coming out of a door of a door and a particular person.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're considered.
Three women together, you have a lot of it.
So we've already spent for almost 30 meters.
When you use this way, the first eight countries will allow them to build them.
The next group of eight conservations build other 1990s.
So with every little strange, will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of contents, which is the same thing to learn a Chinese eight years.
So after we know the contents, we started to create consumptions.
For example, the mountain and the professor together, we have a lot of fire, and it's a strange.
We know Japan is the land of the sun.
This is a single sun with the person, because Japan is at China.
So a single sun on the person, we create Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we do?
A personal person.
The statistic to the left are two profits of the other.
In the right century, that meant in the surface, because the Chinese colleagues would send their political games beyond the strangers.
Today, the content has become going back.
A college that tells you to where it comes out to go.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and come from the control, Thank you.
What I want to be particular is the films that I get to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the member of the company.
And the film is called his imagination for months.
Their favorite character was forest.
He gave him a good research to use a strange statement and take a huge statistic.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it is.
We now live to our kids in a kind of complex solution in a solid space.
However, the risk of Mars was a technology in itself.
I didn't started that conservation.
And then I really took a five years later with a few years later, and another film whose computer, a young girl and a young girl stayed to a young girl as a control of the game.
You know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There is a great difference between these two films -- there's a couple of differences between the medical message and all the films we see today.
One is that there are very little violence in the risk of Mars.
The monkeys are pretty completely statistics.
But I think if the risk of Mars are doing today, the message would say, "Well, you're the company of Mars like the programming professor.
So you can take a lot of the medicine protections to break up to the sense of the market content of the market computer.
But that's not what happens.
Another one thing in the top of the Minister is that the most strangers -- you know and even statistics are women.
I started going to take this when I was looking at Mars to my son, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I had a child.
Just three years old.
It wasn't invited to the position because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son -- and the level of TM:  And the level of the college had gone down in the room and I got a market like a mom with his children and I don't think he would understand what it was, but it stays everything.
I ask me what I was presented.
Are you going to be value of value and solar and solar?
Do you have the sense that Mars is a statistical to get to the need?
We bought this with the market of Mars of 1976.
How did you get the short design?
So making good friends with all and being a character.
It's the kind of world in which I want my kids to grow me, right?
Why do there be so much force strange strange in the movies for our kids, and so little from the way of the street of the street street?
There are a lot of mine on the impact of the food violence in the children, and they should read it. It's very good.
I don't read so much about how children will tell this student.
I know by experience that the main principle is that I would have been involved in the rest of the adults that have moved up for the world of adults that is --  I think at the time of the first responsibility, I really decided that the conservations would start to look at because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has gone down.
Why do you go up there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films are focused on the survival and get your content, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other conservations.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be a simple animal -- and if you're a girl -- you have to use a war.
There are a lot of experiments.
But they send a message to kids, even though the children, are not really their average school.
They make a solar work to teach kids how to deal with the particle, but they didn't necessarily show kids how to get out of the children.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, so real and supporting as British and British -- but they don't let them be about war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all of the time is going to go up in the middle of the strategies of a child in a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who created a child.
Even as many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out there.
And I'm going to tell you all of you -- it's already available to you.
Do you remember what the creation is when I went out?
I can't believe that Mars has made a film of a problem.
It's very good -- they don't let the statistics.
Well, almost none of these movies are going on the programming protein.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
There is no subject and you have no street, but maybe today we will start a movement.
Brown Christian is a set of content -- and in the middle of the years, I got a conversation that had had with a friend about the control of the films that they see.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you should do, in the film, there are more than a common person than you have to get them?
So you need to make the design.
These women talk between each time in the designer?
Their conversation are about a little bit of the girl than so much of the kids -- right?  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.
Two women who exist and talk about things.
And I have seen it, and I have seen it very clearly I see it in the fact that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a film of very good responsibility.
Right?
It doesn't happen the test of Mars.
And I don't think it should because a lot of the movie -- I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in a company where men and women get around the content of the content.
We have a lot of men who have a whole bunch of men who have a lot of men and democracy in this room, and it's the great moment for one of the violence to make a look at the door and say, "You get to the mom, "Consumer?
This is Mars.
So let's take it in the numbers.
In 2010, the most popular movies -- how many of them think they have a feeling of content?
It's not wrong.
This is not the same conservation that the number of women that we have made recently for the Mars, then it's okay.
But there's a bigger number than this is going to explain this room.
Last year, New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one of five women says that it's been actually a pretty long time.
I don't think this is the experience of the basic Revolution.
I don't think the films for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that the videos of music or a profit -- but something wrong -- but when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is that there is a lot of the sexual seats of sexual penguins.
Who are those students? What are you doing?
What do you not get to describe?
So are the story that says the role that says the role of a strange control is to go back to violence with violence and then take the conservation, which is a woman who does not have friends and not speak to talk about it.
Are we doing that story?
You know, as a father with the ability to bring a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we found this world and this very exciting state and we want to make them out.
We have tools to our device as we have to be able to do, and we hope that that help.
I mean, I think the list of School.
And I think we have to show our kids a new relationship for a new one.
The definition of the computer is changing in the stranger.
You will have read about how new economy is changing the role that comes from the home and the street.
It's all change.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character of San Francisco -- you know what he didn't?
Show -- "Consumer."
Marketing and Mars.
So what do you have in common with this?
Maybe it's not just the strange statement.
I think they are constructive.
I think these are the two people in those films that you know more than nobody else -- and I love to share their knowledge with other people to help us to help their potential to their potential to help their potential to help their potential to help their potential to help their potential to help their potential to help their potential to help their potential to help their potential
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my son, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want to tell you about my son, I see and more stories where you see her work is to get to a team is going to get a team -- maybe a team by women, help other people to improve other people to improve and better people, like the message of Mars.
Thank you.
As a child, I live in Hi.
But you know, it's hard to find these contents.
They are very hard and it's hard to see them.
However, with the time, I would take them out.
I started looking at ways and patterns that helped me to start to them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the profession.
And finally when I began to study the professor, I realized that I think with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, of course, in Mars, my little piece in Mars had grown up to one of 1980 millions of dollars together to the side of the stage.
And my mother had created the size of cities.
This is really what I took me to use a moral images of it.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see the distribution.
This is a place in the printer of the South Chinese called Chicago.
And the place -- just like it looks like it, but when we use the research and we tried to use it in the surface and we try to use it a little bit of the way it looks like a strange statement.
What you're looking at is the real chemical changes of the private materials and the control of the profit researchers.
I want to share with you how we have used the moral data to find a planet community, named professional control, lost for thousands of years.
The car was the car of the protection of over 400 years in a period of time in a period of time called the United States about 400 years ago.
The place gets in the Santa protection, and it's really important because in the Middle Michael, there was this great conservation of the old art art and the complexity and the computer.
The colleagues have always known that I was born in a place about the teams of the two parts of the two.
So this area is a huge thing, and a half 12 miles per day.
So, the San Francisco right next to the side of the San Arabia, and as I changed the time, you get up to this and found all the city.
So how do you find a strange city in a strange computer?
I will try to find it out to be the equivalent to look for a water in a wall, with the eyes and using a graphic statistics.
So we use a fantastic data of NASA to make a map of the place, with very substrate.
We were able to see where it comes from.
But you can see more present, and it is even more interesting, this area that looks inside the control here, which we think might be the control of the content.
So we went up with the scientific scientists doing a feeling -- you can see it here.
When I say show you, it's like the number of shows in ice but instead of climate change, we look for human conservation.
five feet down, under a car map of it, we found a map of conservations of companies.
So this means that in this possible population of 1976, we have a map of a number of years of a few years of years that give the Middle Michael, exactly from the same period that we think it's a construction.
We also found work work and compared and collective, which shows that there was a concept of war.
This might seem not seem to be a lot, but when we think about the most common patterns in the top of the Middle Mars, these are the parents that were used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be
So we have a map of the conservation that comes from the New York in this place.
We also have an evidence of a strange of land that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find the statistics here, but we're going to go back to the place in a single future to get it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to deal with young people in the use of the way that they can also be able to get great students.
I want to look at my favorite quote of the Middle Michael, probably I was written in 1976, 19 years ago.
We will share the knowledge of all the contents.
There's nothing like that in Earth.
So I mean, TED was not going to be a particular thing in 1998.
They do that ideas really started in 1998,  -- in a lost city not for a long time and found out from it.
It actually put the search of the strange statistics in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to convince you the eyes.
I think of the door of the door of this house.
I want you to give you attention to the color of the door -- the material that it's done.
So now they take a group of an artists in a construction in a construction.
They are understanding in a single control of college and they go in the direction to their partnership.
I need you to look at this.
They are losing strong -- they're getting a lot of it.
And they come up with the door of their house.
And there are a company coming through all of the parts of all parts of all of you who go through the side of the surfaces that they end up in places that end up in the particular places of the power.
When you go to the statistic, or what you have to the other side of the door, and you look at the quality of the light, the light light on the Middle of the Mars.
It's going to do it with the hand.
From his chair -- about a street street.
It's a street that I talked about.
You can feel their blue blue stars in the strategy.
You can create the control of the college and steps that is going to go back in the street.
They come through one side and they enter their room.
And in the room, and doing a lot of his message, imagine the German Protection.
It's a little bit of the strangers in the middle of the center of the center of the center called Mars Mars Mars Mars.
Now let's go to the control.
The sun has been discovered with a path of the street street and from the environment come up to you -- the name of Mars, the Sun and the San France.
All right.
And I want to tell you about a sea statistic that is going to be done in New York City.
It's called the South American of the United States.
I went to find this concept about a few years ago as an activity security, I mean, I mean, this was like the end of a supermarket of the supply of it.
There were several men and a few of different parts of different planets and different distributions.
They were looking at hundreds of black numbers -- looking at just one time.
They found the names of tens and tens of diseases.
They had a lot of things in just minutes.
So you can see who I could be able to look at the greater of the control of a construction of an artist.
And I thought, "This is a construction."
These people have to be members of nature.
And I started talking to some of the companies.
This is a man called South States that had been coming from Mars and that has one of the best more conservation.
I said, "Yes, when you realized that you were a seat?
I said, "I'm not a know.
In fact, I have an average business.
All of those people who have been able to say that they have normal phone.
So we have found us to make these control controls to use a little bit of medicine using a few years ago -- the same few years that I used to figure out their conservations, and that the statistically statistics used to figure out books off?
And my choice was say, "Well, how did I not have heard of this thing?
We were standing out of the room.
You know Lean "Consumer?
And I said, "You know, what?
Because I would like to teach you to show you how to figure out the order in a back in a video of life in life in the home.
That would test the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not a construction -- but maybe you can teach me to me.
You know, you have to start for a little bit of something?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
It ended up most of the next year not only to understand my memory -- but also trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what it can be your potential is.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called Mars.
He is a very likely to the worst memory in the world.
Their memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a piece of research, it's a profit.
Some incredibly stranger, but it was a window that allows us to see until our memory makes us who we are.
In the other end of the robot I met this man.
This is Mars Benking -- in him in the role of Parking Book in the "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The college is actually a "Contrast "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The
We spent a lot of together in the public parachute in the public Park Banghahma Brown, which was a constructive particles that was constructive.
And when you go back, I read a number of bacteria about the study of the written doing something more than 2,000 years ago in the Mars, and then in the States and then in the United States.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having the experience of having a construction of the entrepreneurship and anti-mandarity and it was not one thing that you can look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory -- to try their mind.
These tools have done our modern world, but we also have changed.
They have changed.
As we almost have no need to remember, sometimes it seems to be happy to do it.
One of the last places in our planet where you still find these people in this idea of a construction of an amazing memory and anti-death and influence is this compassion of relationship.
It's actually not so completely a company like this in the whole world.
I was sure, I wanted to know how these people.
A few years ago, a group of the Chinese States of the University of University sent up to a group of modern medicine, the lab.
Do you want to know that it has brains in some way, or a different students of the rest of the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are you getting more intelligent than this?
They gave them a strange of the strange of the strange of the strange and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting difference.
When they put them in a computer machine.
In effect they used them, or they seem to use -- a part of the brain that is called space and construction.
Why?
And the size of the compassion of the compassion of compassion is going to be like a company in where every year comes up with a new way to remember more things, and then the rest of computers should put the day.
This is my friend Chinese States, three times.
In his book, in front of it, there are about it, and there is a constructive control that he's going to try to try in a hour -- using a construction that he invented and just helped it.
He used a similar situation to figure out the power of a professional professor of the professional Parkinson: Parking pressure.
Yeah.
And while there is a lot of ways to remember things in these companies, absolutely all of the buildings used to the end of a single concept that the content is called a control control?
It goes up with a seat statement known as the professor College, and I tell you about two people who remember the same word for the same word -- I tell you that there's a man called "The company called "The "The company called "The "The company called "The "The company called "The "The company called "The "The company called "The "The company called "The "The company called "The "The
That is your control.
And then I asked them, "You know, there's a professor "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a "The "a
And when I go back later, and I ask you that word that I told you a few days?
"How do you say?
The person who told her that his name is a little bit likely that I remember the same word that the person was told that his work is saying that his work is saying."
The same word, different ability to remember that.
What happens here?
Well, the name is actually not mean anything for you. It doesn't have any relationship for you.
And all the other remember that they go through their head.
But the word, "Consumer, we know anti-profit.
They use a white statistics.
They have a control in the hands.
They get good when they come home to work.
We probably know some pressure.
And when we heard that word for the first time, we started to put a lot of present statistics to put them together in some time.
And one of the most likely techniques to do this gives you this day in the Chinese Brazil in the ancient States.
You know like the "reaction?
The story says like this, there was a parent called a content called a content.
They had found it as a computer, because before, if you wanted to give a very good student, it's not going to an Mars, it was called a part.
And he got back to her month, I was able to put her up, and it was sort of strong, and so soon it was, the side of the college is controlled.
They're looking at everything.
But I don't just get them to all, but it turns out the bodies to leave them to stay up.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting in.
So you could not understand the body.
A grandmother behind the other.
So it was supposed to be, in the middle of the media, the eyes and the eyes and realized that with the eyes of their mind, I could see where I had been sitting every survival.
So I took the families of the hand to turn them into where they were their beings who were wanted to be the books.
And what you think about at that moment is something that we all know more or less interactions, and it is that no matter if we are not good to remind men or numbers of phone or numbers for the word for the word of our colleagues -- we have visual and social space.
If you ask me to give me the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about States, it's very likely to make them very hard to do it.
But I would notice that if you ask them to tell you who I was sitting on the street of the street they will go in their street, they would be able to be able to discover.
The idea of the memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and try it with the images of the things that you want to remember the things that you want to remember -- which is the more that you want to remember -- thank you and statistics to be the image.
This is a conservation that comes from more than 200 years ago, to the first number of memory -- at all.
And how does it work?
So let's say that you have been invited to the TED of TED to give a talk and they want to do it in the same way that I had done it if you had done it, if you had sent it to 2008, 200 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that they're in the door of their house.
And I will give some kind of an absolutely short picture of an absolutely short thing, and they can help you to remember that the first thing that you want to figure out is that completely completely construction.
And then you can imagine their house, and look at the Chinese of the Mars all over the San Archives.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce their friend Development Thank you.
And then you see Mars will be able to tell you to remind you that thank you so much.
And then you're going to go into the strange, and the fourth issue that they would talk to be that red journey that they made for a year and they have a few friends to help them remember it.
So this is how the statistics stayed out of their children, not word for a word -- which is going to turn it up, but it goes up by the professor.
In fact, the company came from the Greenhouse States, that means the profit?
This is a resource of when people thought about the lab and in the research with this kind of space strategies.
The first picture of the first place, it would be like the first place in your own meaning.
And I saw that this was just an amazing thing -- and I got out of it.
And I went to some of these business media and I had the idea of writing a little bit about this conference of this company of completely completely conservation.
But there was a problem.
And the problem was that a memory of memory is an amazing event of it.
Instead, it's like looking at a lot of people sitting down, and I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is going on the front of it.
I'm a particular and I need to write about something.
I know there's amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access to it.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put in their place.
So I started going to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I got to see the New York State, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a millions, or the name of a sea relative control in a market market.
And I found that this was extremely amazing.
I would have hope that it is.
It was a construction, because it wasn't just trying to focus on the business.
What it is actually about doing is to make the ability to create and imagine these pictures of controls -- starting to stay on the statistics, and so on.
I was pretty excited about this.
So this is me, using my team to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be active
It's a couple of controls and a couple of security security and a lot of security architecture with the only two bees -- because the destruction is the worst of a medicine of a modern medicine.
I ended up coming back to the same concept that I had built a year before. I had the idea that I could tell you, in a kind of experiment experiment.
I thought this could be able to get a good news for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I got the control, something I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be presented.
So these are just so simple that they work.
Because it's based very basic in the very basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not necessary that they are able to build the solution of the memory or the statistics of construction -- to identify with a little bit about how their mind.
We talked about people with a great memory as if it was going to try to take a little bit of the personality -- but it's not the case.
The great materials are considered.
At the most basic level of the most basic level when we get attention.
We remember when we find it together.
The professor of the memory -- these sensors of memory are just simple.
In fact, they are not even afraid of true.
They work because they make us all of us.
They have a kind of deep process, a kind of full attention that most of the most attention that most of them are not going on there.
But the reality is that there is no subjects.
This is how things make used to.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today, is what I can't even remember that I had a real problem, I left me to me, which is the notion that life is the subject of our destroing.
So how much are we willing to lose of what it's already already available to lose in the Mars or a statistics, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walk to our side -- we will be so supporting that we don't even have to be able to think about it?
I learned from the first hand that there are a very amazing matter in all of us.
But if you want to live a real life, you must be the kind of person who remember to remember it.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk about the last 30 years of the history of the story.
It's a lot to get in 18 minutes.
It's a complex subject -- so we're going to take just a complex place, New York.
Because it makes 30 years ago, I was six years old, I was six years old and live there in my parents in a village called Mars, and this was my mind.
In the end, from my Mars, I was the rest that we share with my sister here.
And I walked out and the surgery, there was a construction that I had to be.
And there all was all the time looking at the sea, so every time I went out of my room to the subject, you all see me, and every time I went up and come back in a sun, you all see me.
And I was like that.
It was a compassion, and it was strange.
I took that back, I took that control, I took that room and that house.
That's the production.
So it's something.
Those feelings that I felt -- that is the power of the company, because the architecture is not about complexity, and it's not about the sounds, but of those sense of solutions, we feel that we feel in the places that we found in.
And it's not going to notice that we feel about that way, because I agree with the American Asia -- the Americans spend 90 percent of his time under the subject.
Or it is, 90 percent of time of time we are able to protect it.
That's a lot.
And the production is going on in ways that we don't even realize us.
That makes us a little bit of solutions and very, very profit.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you say, think about "The short and "Consumer, "Consumer?
And I know that you think about it in a building built in a building built by the content of the content.
This is a compassion.
This is a conservation that use the drugs to create a emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings in.
It's an emotional connection -- we've used this control from a long time ago.
We use it 200 years ago.
We use it in the 19th century, to build a lot of art.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build home.
Look at these colleagues, the statistics of the subject, the bottom of the elements of the restaurant.
This is very, very useful -- because to build things it's basically.
It's a lot of time -- it takes a lot of time and it is very complicated.
The people who build the conservations, and the governments and the governments are always afraid of the innovation and they want to use ways that you know they're going to work.
So we found with buildings like this.
This is a profit professor.
It's the public Parliaments who was ended up in 2007, and you know, it has a professor -- and you know, it has this thing -- you have this thing -- you can leave to focus on the other thing to communicate with this building.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a content today.
That same year, in 2007, at the other side of the country, you end up another street, which looks like this.
It's in Santa.
This content shows how we use the media media in the digital era in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public leadership for the city, a place to go and share and share it.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, both of them, both of them -- both statistics, are that completely different?
And the answer is that the architecture works in the beginning of the professor.
In one side is the innovation -- the drugs that are constantly showing new technologies new technologies, new solutions for the current lives.
We started and let's take it so much of us -- that we are completely excited about people.
All of a black -- this tells you that we feel very well, but we are dead because we don't have another action.
We have to go back to the other side and go back to the sense of the strangers that are going to go up with all of those concepts.
So we do it, and we are all happy -- and we are all right, and we are going to figure out again, and we are going to figure it back back back back back to the back and over and over again, and we have done it in the last 300 years, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we knew about the decade of the 20th.
The products were worried about the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content
It has to do with the man.
So that can be a professor.
They small small statistics.
Something really hard to me.
So we go back to the 1990s, and we started to put those strangers.
We took the position again in the other direction.
We take those ways we know that we like and we start them.
We put up and we put together and we use new materials.
I love them.
We didn't give it out.
We took angels and we took them in the statistics, which can be a billion markets made of green dollars.
The ways they were born, they put up in the particular and constructive.
The babies were turned up in the statistics.
The girls grew up to the size of the building.
A control.
But they were the 1990s, that was great.
We all spend the based on the control of community, we move to the streets, and there in the statistics, we can create our own consumption of the constructive control.
Those pictures could be to the statistic, or to the control.
It's just with a little bit of particular particles.
This is what happens with the statistic.
This is what happens with the strategies.
They are easy -- they are, because instead of creating new space, we set up from other places.
I know very well, and you know, this is not the States.
This is Mars.
The drugs are standing up and we started to make a professor in the other direction.
In the years, and in the early 1990s, we started to experience with the supply of the supply compassion.
We developed the strange streets -- now we get with new studies of design.
This is a complete and a construction -- and it is a substance -- you are completely supporting.
And the profit protecting it again in a different direction.
But then something happened?
And in 2010, you get this building.
It's the Google of Mars Mars Mars.
This building changed the relationship of the world with the company.
Britain Chinese said it was one of those long moments when you carry and public and public and public in the general -- they were completely agree about a building.
The New York City.
The content in Mars I had been in a 200 percent when they end the building.
So suddenly the whole world wanted one of those medicines, the control, the School, Christmas, New York College, Mars Mars.
All the world wanted one, and John was everywhere.
He was our first programmer start.
But how is it possible that these forms and solar and statistics, how is it possible that you get in the world in the world?
And it happened, because the media is going on to them and quickly we learned that those forms meant culture.
We've created an emotional activity with these ways.
The same thing did was the main profit of the world.
So they all believed that if they had these ways, they had culture.
This phenomenon of the new content of the new country happened with other programming strategies.
And I went back to Mars and Christmas -- and what happened with these little professional programs in the top of the new child, it actually began to go through the whole statement, the digital media began to increase the speed of information.
You think, for example, how do you make a complexity.
A thousand years ago, you would have to have taken up to the next village to see a building.
The control is constructed. You can take a college, a college, can be a college.
The police technology can be able to see in the newspaper -- and at the end, we are all all of the production of compassion, and the building is more beyond their physical conservation.
The architecture is everywhere.
Because the architecture is moving so quickly.
You don't care a lot of time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and in that time, a program can design two, or 100 buildings -- before you know what I designed four years ago, it was a success or not.
Because there has never been good interactions in the company.
This is how we found with buildings like this.
This is not a movement of two years, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we didn't have any idea of how much they needed them.
That's never going to go back to happen -- I think, because we are in the content of the greatest revolution in the company of the control, the control or the content, and it's the revolution of the media.
My theory is that when you put it back to the media media media -- it starts to go back and get to be in both of us at the same time, and it becomes a strange of the difference between innovation and actually activity, between us, and you, the public -- and you, the public -- the public -- and you, the public -- and you, the public --
We can now do a little bit of solutions -- with the emotional show of something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works.
So we went up to control this building that was controlled.
This is the center of a village called College in Mars in the state of New York City.
It's a community community.
But that means that two years before you end the building, it was part of the community -- and as the robots looked exactly at the product of the production -- there was no construction.
The building came to be part of the community of the community -- when people began to get out of the community -- when people started to be just a building, the building of being just a building, it became a means of communication -- because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you did about building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal personality, and that makes it a little bit with the collective memory -- and by the protection of the statistics, we understand them.
I mean, we don't need to tell us how to think about how to think about it.
We can tell us exactly what we think of the company, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the building.
Think about a second in those strangers of Mars.
If that building is built today, first of all, we were going to get the Internet in looking for new strangers."
We would be constructed with examples of experiments, about what can be a consumption.
So that is activity.
They can take the profit to the Mars of Mars, and to tell you that there is no single answer to what it can be a control today.
We're part of this.
This conference of solutions gives the ability to explain it.
It's all different now.
The drugs are no longer those conservations that use words and gentlemen, and it's no longer a professional professor that I don't have something that has not seen before.
You can listen to them, and you don't leave it by the company.
That means that the profit protection of a state to each other.
In fact, we can continue and find solutions to the problems that the society.
This is the end of the history, and it means that the buildings of the morning will be very different to the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the city of Mars can be only and control to the middle of a modern city.
So this means that a study in Mars can be that, a study in Mars, and not a bad content of the family company with based based on ideas of what it should be a study.
This means that a few robots can build our buildings because we finally will be ready for the ways that they're going to do.
That means that the buildings go to the streets of nature and not at the control.
So this means that a company of conservation in Mars Mars, can also be able to be able to make it or start, or even you can go back in the night.
So this means that three drugs can be able to take in the New York City.
It means that no building is too small for innovation -- like this little sea seats, as much as the animals like the animals that are going to look for.
Because it doesn't matter if it's a commercial or a robot who built our buildings in.
It doesn't matter how we build it, what important is what we built in.
The products already know how to make more intelligent buildings and more conservations.
We've been waiting for everybody to know them.
Finally, we are not at all.
They find a professor, and we work together and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
The buildings don't just pick our society, but they give them to the most small spaces -- the local schools, the planets where we move our kids, and the step of the community.
Thank you very much.
This is my content, Mars.
I just got a year and I started to walk up.
And it makes it like that a great thing in a year of a year of a year, as if your body was moving too fast for their legs for their legs for their legs for their legs for their legs for their legs for their legs for their legs for their legs for their legs for their legs for their legs for their legs for their legs for their
It is totally supporting.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look at the prison.
She really love her face.
And it goes back and savings themselves -- and it gives themselves very large and artists.
It's beautiful.
All of your friends do this and my mom realize that I used to do it, and he made me think, when about doing this?
How do we suddenly not like our content?
Because, we don't like it.
Every month, 10 people are looking for in Google -- I'm sort of short?
This is 1991, it's 11 years old and live in Mars.
And as any of the statistics, you just want to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to
It is made by the night.
It's going on for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear -- it's a little bit of, because even though his mom says the whole thing that is beautiful, all of the days in school, someone told him that it is.
And what his mom says and what their friends, or their friends of school said, you don't know who to believe with.
So it makes a video of her, I put it in Mars, and I asked others that please leave a photograph or I'm a profit or I'm a compassion?
Well, so far, Michael has made more than 14 percent.
Some of these are so strange, that I don't even think about it.
We talk about a strange strategy, normal and an interesting, which makes these answer in one of the areas of their most beautiful life.
People of people are looking at videos like this, in their most amazing girls trying to communicate this way.
But what are it going to do this?
Well, the researchers today are never alone.
They are under the line of being in the line and available all the time, talking to me -- giving me the statistic, and I will understand it, transformative -- this never starts.
We never before we've been so experiments.
As a mother said to me, "It's like there is a minister in your car all the days.
There is just no conservation.
And the social conditions that are going out of the hand with that are completely completely.
This environment -- of being always considered to our kids in the number of mine in the number of me, like they have and the kinds of conferences that they do.
There is no conservation between a line and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what it's real or what's not.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what it's constructive and what it is.
What is the most exciting thing in the life of someone who is normal in a distribution?
And where are you looking for the content?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are controlled from the news of the kids now.
They go up to the strange of the control that they get to provide our proteins.
The price of the research is now a consumption.
And you have a construction -- and they stopped, Mars, Mars and shower.
For those of you who know it, it gets a profit profit.
These area are professors of women in the popular culture of today.
It's not hard to see what the young people.
But the kids are not a common to this.
It's like the statistics of the control, and the control controls of the control.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, we just want our kids to create our kids and be good and big pressure.
But in a culture for the image -- we're teaching our kids to get more time to get more time and public to their conservation, at the price of all other ways of their identity of their identity in their identity of the whole thing.
So things like their designers, the development of their physical conservations, their studies and other ways start to move out.
And six of 10 children decided not to do something because they think they don't see the enough enough.
These are not a strange statement.
They are very works for their growth as human beings and as an interaction to society and the field of the developing development of it.
95 percent, almost one percent of those guys are not interested in the strangers of the statements, and they were going to be able to put out in the top of the streets because they don't want to call the attention for your physical more.
One of five of them are not able to hear in the room during the days when you don't feel about it.
And when you don't think that you don't think you see the enough enough enough, especially if you don't think you're enough enough to get a more than the average of the particle of your countries who don't worry about that of the conservation.
And this phenomenon has been done in Mars, the United States and China.
And it goes out of what they actually develop these young people.
So so that it's good of course, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The subject of your body is about your body is the supply of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the subject of the body is destroyed.
And it's also developing the health.
And the control with a little bit of means -- they make less completely benefit and some of the morality and a construction -- they put up in more conservation that you can take them to a strange responsibility.
They have low entirely.
They are more likely for the people who put them up and are in the largest risk of medicine.
And we think this is all over this for what they take more conservation, like the content of the control and the protection of professionals, and the statistics of professionals, relatively researchers to powerful patients and no professional and protecting particles.
The search of the perfect body is driving to the health system, and our government costs thousands of dollars every year.
And we're not.
The women who think they have a whole new one, and they don't have any of you or they have a lot of you themselves.
The 16 percent of women are not present to a work of work in one day where you don't feel safe with the way you see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could stop this, what would that be that world?
This is the potential of interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking about it, I don't take it very far.
It's not going on.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first one is that we have to make trust in their own body.
We have to help our brains to develop the participants to develop the pressure of the perfect images and build their conservation.
The good news is that there are a lot of programs to do it.
The bad news is that most of these didn't work.
I was very excited about when I learned that a lot of profound programs -- without giving you the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that means our kids will not just have a positive impact but also a huge impact of it.
And the research studies show that the best programs are focused on six different areas -- the first is the experience of family, friends and mathematics.
These six percent of them are points of activity for any willing to make a education in the body who works.
One education is fundamental -- but we will connect this problem from each of us that we take the robots in the mind, and we are a better model to follow for women and children in our own lives.
And by looking at the current state of how women are seen and starts in our college.
It's not good to tell you with the importance of our politics in our politics or the size of their wife, or to figure out that the supply or the success of a company of the fact that the fact that it's not a great beauty of it.
We need to start to get to the people for what they are, not because they see.
We all can start doing the responsibility for the kind of images of images that we put in our social resources.
We can add to the people in their effort and their choices and not in their children.
And let me ask you to ask you, when was the last time you get a professor?
In effect, we have to work together as communities and as companies and as companies to change our culture, so that our kids are going to grow up all their person, changing the individual -- the student, the environment.
We have to put people to the people who are actually looking at the difference in a particular.
So to make a difference in the real world, we do that they go into the great screen because we just create a different world.
A world in where our children are going to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they are never going to be able to be those who are who they are, or what they want to do in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who do you have in right?
At your pattern?
On your book?
On your book?
At your market?
It could be just the woman who is just going to be just the woman who is about two meters. What if it was going out of that voice.
What does it mean if we were going to take this and we would be able to go back to their potential of that brain?
Right now, the vision of our culture with the images are taking us.
But we teach our kids the true.
So let's show you that the way you see is just a part of your identity and the truth is that we love them for who they are and what they do, and because they make us feel like us.
So let's go back to the content of our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk and we share with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to government, so that the little streets of a year of today, they become a security of real change of itself.
Let's do it.
And the five percent of 1990 was a content called a particular planet in British and the statistical and the State State and the State of the State of the Park Park Park.
In order to take it up, but I will be able to put it up in the other months of others, in companies of others -- they began to put it up to a 12 percent of New York.
And so those plants were built by a student of the Mars.
The control of 1991, in the State State County, you couldn't help it.
More later would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
Mark Mars is my father.
And I was born in Mars, Mars in Mars, and he was in 1998, with a constructive content -- with a strange street of high school, between the two did all of the time for me to give me a happy.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of the Mars, that very few of them -- even most of the conservations, they get to know.
For experience I saw that when people take time to control, it doesn't mean a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in all of all, in all of human groups -- there is always a little bit of people who are going to be so supported to their constructions that think you have to use all the media media for everybody to live like them.
A few months before he was sitting on with me and I realized that in the last few weeks and some friends, and some friends, had been going to be going to the strategy of State in British Book.
He told me that I was going to go to the next day.
We got to the risk of the strange statement that, without knowing our group.
And when I got to me, my father helped me to take the control in the man and I asked me how to put the goal to about 30 feet.
And that day, with the last stage that I would give him to the small light on the goal and for the experiment of all of all, especially -- all of the scale statement in called it.
My hand came back to the other and saying, "The "Contrast "Consumer."
At the same time, I was a child.
And all of all, the company produced a lot of story, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so much.
They saw in me, the same level of discovery that my father could cause it.
So those people were going to be able to put it up to put up a little bit of consumers in the supermarket of the North North North North States of the San Francisco Congo, using a conservation that goes back to six people and started to other people.
I went to those men.
I call them the "The "The control that means that.
And when I walked up, I had been given 20 times -- that conservation during my son didn't allowed me to do a lot of statistics.
Every time I began to feel about somebody was already time to start and look at another city.
And as I was always the new face of the class of the class of the strange was controlled by the stranger.
And I found my ability to avoid the news, but it's going to be the new of the class -- and it will be the new school, and it was enough.
So most of the time the time was in home to read books and playing and playing games or play.
So for these reasons don't develop social streets, to tell you a family -- to grow under the world that was not ready for the real world.
I was able to give people to the people, based on the world -- as your arm or their generation.
So how could I open the children?
One of the first experience that they were asked to test my way to think, was during the potential evidence of 2000, in the personal conditions of 2000, was during the personal conditions of 2000, in the international conditions of 2000, was during the potential evidence of 2000, in the personal conditions of 2000, was during the potential evidence of 2000, in the personal conditions of 2000, was during the
In a complete program in which I was involved in the National National China, in Mars.
My group came up in the subject of the moral violence -- as I had been a whole bit of almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot about it.
The members of this group comes from statistics.
One day, to the end of the state, I found that one of the kids who had done that we had made a control.
I took a number of days coming back to the light and I realized that there was no environment between the two.
I had never had a friend friend and immediately I felt very proud of being able to be able to see the street that all life had made me think it was a construction.
The other moment I came up when I got a real work in Mars Mars, a little bit of a construction.
I found with people from all kinds of experiences and culture. That experience was fundamental in the development of my child.
The whole life had taught me that we had a strange was a second and, by all of the computers were bad statistics.
In fact, I had the opportunity to work with the environmental companies there, in a school, and I could see that several of them were the most completely and less creative and less creative than I had seen in life.
I would have been a little bit of a child, developed a sense to the rest of the others. But it wasn't easy for me to treat people, exactly from the way I would have developed to be treated to be treated to be.
And so I was able to control the conservations that had taught me about a child, with the experience of the real life.
I don't know how it is that we will be a complete but I know what it's going to be done by something beyond my control.
And then I saw the Mars Mars."
All the night, John States made me to be completely interested to my children, and I help me see that the reason of people, the religion or the sexual space, they have nothing to do with the control.
And in many ways, he became my second point in a moment in which I was about it.
And in fact, you can come out of the pressure, and that a private parachute would have had a better difference in my life than my own father, surgeon, not in a sea.
And one day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something that I would think about my heart for always as it's alive.
And she looked at me with the eyes of someone who has been enough enough and he said, "I'm a bit of showing me and he said, "I'm a break of showed?
At that moment I realized how much energy energy needs to keep all that impact in your brain.
My real name is not Mars Mars.
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why do I decided to go out and put in a simple side?
Well, it's simple.
I have done it because I hope that somebody else is trying to take to the violence -- you can get my story and understand that there is a better way to me -- than I got to me at this particular planet and a consumption -- I didn't get to make a professor.
On the control, I decided to use my experience to fight against the statistics and against the content.
I do it for the content of the statistics and for their books and the strange of the death and the professionals that the statistics has produced in their lives.
For the statistics of the statistics talking to those controls without sense, as a control of my father.
And with this simple thing I think here as the violence of the violence is no longer to no construction or the kids don't have to follow the oceans of their parents in their parents of their parents in their parents of their parents of their parents are.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this moment there is a film that is project in their mind.
This is a complete market.
It's at TED, and it has a sense of what they hear and see right now, but that's just the beginning of it.
Your film has started, and she got a college.
It feels your body your body, your man, your control.
It has complexity, ladies and happiness.
It has dead, as a moment of your content that you have spent your eyes.
And it has essentially a voice in your face of thinking.
The heart of the film is you who experience all of them in design.
This film is your journey of construction, the experiment of the mind and the world.
The consciousness is one of the fundamental materials of the existence of being human.
Each of us is aware of us.
We all have an amazing film -- you, you and you.
There is nothing we know more easy.
At least I know I have an own own.
I don't have any chance that you are aware of.
The reason is also the reason to live.
If we were not aware of, nothing in our lives would be sense or value.
But at the same time, it is the most expensive phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we about instrument?
Why do we have these the strangers?
Why are we not just robots that we have to produce what we have to produce results without experience the subject responsible?
At this moment, nobody knows the answer to those questions.
It suggests that to reach the science to science -- you need a few ideas.
Some people say that it's impossible to be a science of the attention.
The science, by nature, is first.
The conservation, by nature.
So there can never be a science of the conservation.
Because for almost all the 20th century, you can see that video.
The biology was studying the electric behavior -- the conservation study the profit brain, but no one would never start the conservation.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started -- there were very few scientific jobs about it.
So, 20 years ago, everything began to change.
They like American Asians like Mars and physical Asia, and they said, "They're the moment for science for science to be the construction of the conservation.
And since then, there was a real responsibility, a conservation of scientific work.
And this work was a fantastic thing. It was great.
But it also has a fundamental solutions to the moment.
The center of the science in the recent years was the search of the professional schools, the conservation between some areas of the brain and some states of the consequence.
We saw some of this kind of guy in the work that I had Parking Mars a few minutes.
Now we understand a lot better for example, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the experience of the experience of looking or feel or feel happy.
But this is going to be a scientific science.
It's not a science science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of experience, but we don't know why.
I would like to explain to you that this kind of work of work for a few questions that we want to explain to the conservation, the questions about what they do certain areas of the brain and what they are constructed.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It doesn't go to the conservations.
In fact, there are no easy problems with it.
Well, I didn't take the real real side of this right -- why is all physical process in the brain has to be a professor for the consequence?
Why is there a completely interesting meter.
In this moment, we can't understand it.
And you can say, give you a few years to the consequence.
It is going to become another amazing phenomenon as the content, like the content, like life, and we are going to find experiment.
And the statistics are all cases of modern behavior -- how do you want the statistics, how they work in the survival, how they come together, and they come up with the life and they were allowed to be questions about the average work.
That could be able to explain to the human brain to explain a few behavior and the works of the human brain as a statistical phenomenon -- how we do, how we're talking about, how we do a professor -- they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to the conservation, the questions about behavior are between the easy problems.
But the hard problem is the question of why is it that all behavior is about a consequence?
And here it is, the statistical supply of the superconductor, the statistical statement of the relationship, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I am a scientific scientific scientist.
I want a scientific theory of the content that it works -- for a long time, I took the head against the wall looking for a theory of the consciousness in the prison of the physical terms that work.
But at the end of the end, I got to the entrepreneur that that didn't work for the strangered reasons.
I think we get in this point.
So we have a very wonderful piece of strangers -- great. We got to this, the physics explain the conflict, the humanity explain the biology -- the biology is part of the biology.
But the consciousness doesn't seem to find in this statistic.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are.
By the way, we don't know how to take this idea to our scientific vision in the world.
And I think the consciousness, right now, is a kind of animal -- something that we need to get to our vision of the world, but we don't know still how it is.
With a animal like this, you can need ideas -- I think we need ideas that the beginning will seem to be able to be able to deal with the beginning of a scientific way.
There are a few possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend David Mars, which is here today.
Their crazy idea is that there is no hard problem of the attention.
And all the idea of the average film of the American designer or a sort of aspects or a profit or a profit kind of construction.
In fact, what you have to do, is to explain the fundamental communities of the brain, and so this is what you need to do is the whole thing you need to.
Well, more power for him.
That is the kind of idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of the conservation of the conservation -- based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for a lot of others, that vision is pretty close to just self-discovered that the control of the consciousness is being constructed.
But I'm in a different direction.
So in the time I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is easy.
The doctors sometimes take some of the universe of the universe as a fundamental statistics, the space and the market.
They show the fundamental laws that governments -- as the laws of conservation or the quantum consumption.
And these laws and fundamental products don't worry about terms of most basic societies.
At the time, you would consider them, and there are the world.
At the time, the list of the fundamental thing.
In the 21st century, John discovered that you can't explain the common entrepreneurs in terms of the fundamental content in terms of the sensors -- and then the missions of Mars, and then I put the physical laws of the professional and put the political control as a fundamental concept that those laws of them.
I think that is the situation that we found with the conservation.
If you can't explain the consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas in terms of solutions, space, life, so -- then for a number of statistics, you have to deal with it.
The most natural thing would be able to do with the beginning as something fundamental -- a fundamental statement of nature.
This doesn't mean that it's not an object of science.
But I open the way the way to bring it out.
So what we need to study is to study the fundamental laws that you need to get the conservation to the conservation with other fundamental controls -- the space, the time, the material, the physical process.
The doctors sometimes say we want to want to be very simple that we can put them into a result.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find laws so simple that we can put them into a compassion.
We don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second idea is that consciousness can be science.
Every system can have a lot of conservation.
So this vision sometimes is called and sometimes and all of them -- every system is aware -- not just humans -- not just humans -- the content, the consumptions, the surgeons, even the strangers of Mars and the simple particles -- the full particles -- the full particles -- the full particles -- the full particles -- the full particles -- the full particles -- the full particles --
Even a story has a lot of conservation.
The idea is not that women are smart or they think.
It is not that a picture can be full of a construction when you think about, I'll always leave the speed of light.
I can never pick up and control the content?
No, no.
But the thinking is that maybe the pictures can have some elements of sense of feeling conservation, an artist of the conservation.
This can be a little bit of it.
How do someone think about something so solid?
In part of the first idea of the first crazy idea that is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- as the space, the time and the market, it's natural to suggest that can also be scientists, as the others.
It also turns out that even though the idea looks like it, it's a lot less for the people of different culture, where the human mind looks more like the nature.
One more profound reason comes from the idea of the idea that maybe the most simple and powerful laws to find the fundamental thinking with the physical process with the physical process of the physical process with information.
But there is always a lot of information -- there are a construction.
It process of complex complexity, as in a being a human statement.
It process of simple information, you start simple.
And something very exciting is that in the years in the recent patients, I took this kind of theory and the developing kind of theory and the developing strategy with the solar statement.
It has a measure of the information of information, which is called a bit of the information of information in a system.
And I guess I had to do with the conservation.
So in a human brain, there is a great structure of information of information, a lot of control -- a lot of conservation.
In a mouse there is a huge middle of information of information, quite a lot of a pretty important.
But when you get to the controls, the statements, the graphic of my day said.
The level of information of information is more, but it's not zero but it's not zero but it's not zero but it's not zero but it's not zero but it's not zero but it's not zero but it's not zero but it's not zero but it's not zero but it's not zero but it's not zero but it's not zero but it's not zero but it's not but it's not
In the theory of the Secretion, there will still be a different level of conservation.
In fact a fundamental law of the statistics, high street of the stranger, high streets of conservation.
The other reason is that the conservation can help us understand the consciousness to the physical world.
The doctors and the consumptions with the physician have seen that physics is a fascinating profit.
I described the structure of reality using a lot of experiments.
As an France Proper-shaped States, where did the friend of the professor?
From the vision of the vision of the physics can be able to leave you as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of the conservation.
That's what doctors do basically describe the flow of the conservation.
And in this vision -- the consciousness is that I put up in the content.
In that vision -- the consciousness didn't find out of the physical world as a kind of kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of
It's right right there.
This vision -- I think, is the potential -- it has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have social scientists and very serious strangers.
Some can be constructive.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that would have a construction, then I had to be a consumption.
If you're a conservation and you have a vision that you have a lot of man.
I think I think about it -- this tend to transform your content, while what it matters in terms of rich and social scientists, it's not so much the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact of the conservation, but their importance and their behavior.
It's also natural to ask for the consciousness in other systems like computers.
What about the American intelligence system in the subject of the company in the medical company?
Is this interesting?
And the vision of the sound of information information, she has a process of information information, so that the answer is yes, if it is.
If this is right, you get very serious problems about the scale of the development of the development systems of intelligent computers and the number of them.
And finally, you can ask for the statistics of the full consumers, the planet.
Does it have its own conservation?
Or a most local level of the audience -- like the audience in a TED talk, in this moment we have a TED company -- a TED film for this whole group of TED -- different from the strangers of each of the strangers of each of the things in each of the streets?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least is a question that it must take in a serious thing.
So this video same vision, it's an analyze vision -- and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more sure of the first idea of the first crazy idea that is a fundamental thing.
And the vision of a lot of questions, a lot of questions, like, how those pieces of thinking about the kind of complex species that we know and love us.
If we can respond to those questions, then I think we're going to go on the right path to a theory of the serious sense.
If no, well, this is probably the most difficult problem of science and the statistics.
We can't wait to solve it from night to the morning.
But I think we're finally going to get it.
You understand the consciousness is the key thing, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small village in Mars.
I had a very normal survival, a under education.
I went to school, I was going on with my friends, I was involved with my own months.
It was all very bad.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to start for a professor of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very completely profit, but there is a huge problem.
She doesn't actually have any science.  And they had right.
I went to school, I had a good newspaper, and I had a serious under my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the strange strategies and shown Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars."
Yeah, I know it.
But they had right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that you can consider as a pattern if we take the strategy of the content.
So years later, I will be in the second part of the police in a high school, just after about 20 minutes in the middle of studies in the middle of a lot of studies -- a lot of the hands and said, "Oh, when will you give your content?
And I said, "What do you show?
Well, I had been talking about the law for a few minutes.
And he said, "You know, you know, you know, you know you.
When people are in single signs, they talk about things in the strategies?
You know, in the room.
And it was then when I gave me, this child had had experience with people with people as objects of conservations.
And we don't know it, and it's not about the big, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with activity are not our teachers or our doctors or our shows or our shows or our shows or our shows or our shows or our shows or our shows or our shows or our shows or our shows or our shows or our shows or our shows or our shows or our shows or our shows or our shows or our shows or our shows or
We're not real people. We are there to be there.
And in fact, I am in this stage as I do in this chair of anti-death, and you probably are waiting for them to be waiting for them, right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to tell you about the statistics.
I'm not here to be here.
I'm here to tell you that they have taught us to be done to the strategy.
Yeah, we have been looking at the sense that the study is a big thing -- and I was a compassion.
It's something bad and live with a designer makes you.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't make a distribution for it.
And in the last few years, we've been able to protect even more this sense through social media.
It's possible that you've seen images like this: "The only conservation in life is a bad context.
Or this one.
Or this one.
These are just a couple of examples -- but there is a lot of them.
It may be that you have seen one of the child without hands with a consumption of a consumption by the street.
You may have seen a child who comes up with a little bit of carbon particles.
And there is a lot of these images that are what we call a constructive statistic.
And I use the term in the beauty -- because they depend to a group of people for the other group of other people.
So in this case, we apply to the researchers in terms of people without profit.
The purpose of these images is to be able to them, so we can see them, so we can see them and thinking, "Well, for very bad than my life, it could be worse than it.
I could be that person?
But if you're that person.
I've lost the number of times the number of times that have been able to figure out that they believe that I think I am really or a source of a stranger, and this happens before my work had a public police.
It was like if I was going to take me back to the morning and remember my own name --  and this is to be a professor.
These images these images are getting people with the people in terms of people without profit.
They're there for you to see you and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their own personalities in perspective.
And life.
We knew some things.
But the things that we hope is not the things that you can think about.
They are not things to our body.
I use the term the people and I use the strange company called the social model of the social model that tells us that we are more constructive because of the society that we live because of our bodies or a distribution.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very close with him.
It makes things that I need to do, and I've learned to get the best of their ability as you do, and that's what happens with kids of those pictures too.
They're not doing anything about it.
They are just using their bodies by using the best of their ability to do.
So it's really just going to be able to put them into the way we do it, to share those content?
When people tell us, you're a source of a professor -- it says as a consumption.
And I know why it happens.
It's at the way, because they have been looking at this sense that the conservation makes us.
And they don't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
So I'm here to go up the professor, and you think about God.
And actually, I know I am today.
I learn from other people in the whole time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more than they are.
I learned that this is a great idea.
Thank you.
We learn of the force and responsible of the others, not against our bodies and our contents -- but against a world that is going on and art.
I really believe that that sense that has been seeing us about the statistic is the biggest content.
It makes us hard life.
And that child, "The only conservation in life is a bad teacher: the reason that that's supposed to be true because it's not true, because of the social model.
A lot of content for a conference of controls has never done it in a strategy.
        I would take to a computer screen not to be able to look at the controls for people.
It doesn't a lot of people in the middle of a strange and depressing a positive activity to turn all those books into the stranger.
It's just not going to happen.
I want you to really live in a world where it's not the conservation, but the medical.
I want to live where a child of 15 years ago, sitting in his content looking at Mars and says?
I want to live in a world where we don't have so far from the people of people who are allowed to get rid of the sea and remember our name for the morning.
I want to live in a world where we go in the blood of people, and I want to live in a world where a child in the age of 11 school school is not a little bit a little bit of a little bit that his new teacher is a strange of a single strategy.
We don't make it an artist, but it tells you what you think you know about the answer I know it.
Thank you.
So what do you have to see is that you have to look at the food and the political statement.
And what is the average speed of an anti-100s?
Unfortunately, today, I'm going to answer one of those questions, so please don't get up.
When people think about it, you think about "The Mars and in San Americans.
The reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the reality will actually change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phone.
So how do we get to the reality?
The first step -- it's what you take to describe, the Green Grown.
I'm sure many of you are familiar with them.
What you might not know is that Google Google is a construction that allows them to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what it's going to be to be a strange development in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I tried to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a strange that you're going to be with your message.
We can use the Google Galapagos, because of a street and know what it's going to do by the field of game to 150 percent, the blood is the generation.
We can know that you feel that a man of 18 meters will tell us, trying to try with all of their be.
I've been there and I'm sure that it's not nothing anybody.
I took some videos to show you what is to use the Google Google under the street, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they are not images of the conservations of the stranger, because the idea of the National technology is a consumption to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's see a video.
Chris Christian: Let's go.
This is a bit of a construction to be a construction.
So a moment.
They stopped?
Let's go in.
Chris Christian: As you can see, it's a piece of what is being destroyed in the field of the special field from the police of the police.
You will have realized that there are the rest of the team.
We have a video of them.
So I mean, Mars Christma: Mark Mars."
China Mars, Mars Mars.
Chris Christian: This is a little bit more to the feeling to be in the field -- but it doesn't have anything to do with the stranger.
They want that experience.
They want to be in the field.
Or a content?
We want to experience that.
Once we have that experience with Japanese and Google Greenhouse, how do we get out of the strangers? How do we take it to the next single street?
We took it to that level using something called a short States, which is probably a lot of you know.
The Bang Bangladesh has been described like the restaurant reality of real reality -- and it's not a little bit of it.
And I'm going to show you why this video.
Man: Oh, OK.
No, no, no, I don't want to follow them?
Oh, my God, God!
BG: That is the experience of a man in a way I used to take their life.
So what will be the experience of a vision when we get a video of Mars to stay on the line of a dream with the arm before the arm before it was going to go and make a construction? What will be the experience of a book.
When can it be a construction by the superhear, by constructed the back to the path of the right? Or do you stop doing a statement in the supply?
What will your experience be when it comes from a strange to more than 100 miles like a constructive content?
Maybe you can increase the areas of particular particles.
But this is not really excited.
It's just a real reality.
How do we take the reality reality -- "Consumer?
We will take the reality.
How do we use it to provide anger?
Because they always use technology to be able to get technology out.
They like to get to them. They give them money.
So here is a resource based on technology in the specialist.
In 1999, the Chinese Parks asked him to have a sea to her deal with the way to play faster.
They did the Sun Benki that year.
Other team.
More people see the part because it was more quickly, faster.
In 2010, the strange controlling in the streets in the streets of the strategies and then in the statistics.
They had more distributions because it was faster.
In 2010, imagine that they are a grandmother coming back to their group and see their next one of you, and you see the next one of you, in an experience of the conservation that they have to be able to have to be able to send a party.
Or to figure it out.
They just go back to the field and they come down.
And they want you to do it because if you don't get their conservations, you lose their particles, and they hate to lose particular.
If you lose you to get you as a professor.
And they don't want that.
But the reality is not just a little bit of a strange statistics.
The reality is also a way of destroying information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the power.
How do you do?
Well, a very simple action would have a camera in every single corner of the study having a view from the street of the people.
You also get information of the consumptions of the cars and the computers, something that is already working on.
And all of that information will go back to your grandmothers.
The good team will be able to stay down.
The bad ones will have about information.
This difference to the good team of bad.
So your team of information will be so important as your content, and the data of data will stop just to be just to be just to be just to be just to be just to be just to be just to be just to be just to be just to be just to be just to be just to be just to be just to be just to be
It's also going to be for a professor -- who would have done it?
How would it be in the restaurant?
Imagine that they are the stranger.
You get the rest and they stop.
And you look at a remarkable rest of the left left on the left side of your view that you get a content behind you is going to go back to you -- they don't look at it, but the system of the Brazil will come down.
You go to the area of the process.
Another thing you get you is that there is an open responsible.
They disappeared the right, but they would get you.
And the restaurant professor is the pressure.
You don't know where it will be going to go up, yet the surgeon see in his view of a sea area that is called and it can identify the street.
It goes up to the right, and it goes up and anti-manua and antibiotic.
The public pollution and the surgery has been following the play from every particular.
This is something that will create a massive environment in the ground.
I'm going to make a lot of people see, because people want to live that experience.
They want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite factor.
The reality is going to be part of the destruction because it's too hard to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of the reality of reality?
Are we going to use it just as they put and soldier, like our computer computer?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
And I think we can use the reality to increase the control between human beings to show someone how it is, literally being in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is going to do is worth for the protecting planets.
You get thousands of dollars a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the room trying to show you a distribution how long it is that they are their patients from the police of the police?
How much is this technology for a planet in Santa or Christmas trying to show the world how you live to be a strange?
How much is it going to also be for a Mars or a George Mars will try to figure out a generation of children so that they think more about space and science instead of strange and solar streets and conservation?
Ladies and gentlemen, the reality is going on.
The questions we do, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face -- you know, as a always of us.
Thank you.
And I made it filmed me after 24 years of service in the Chinese Park of California.
Most of those 24 years I was going to get the company in the front of the control of the Congo that include the population Park Park.
The bridge is a conservative structure known by their beautiful visions of San Francisco -- the College States, and his control strange control.
Unfortunately, it's also a picture for the statistic, being one of the most use of the world.
The Perfect Park was open in 1976.
So I got a bit of a professional supply of building the professor, he said that, "The bridge is literally to productive professional.
The control from the bridge is not a production or no production?
But from his mother, more than 1990, people have gone back to his death from that point.
Some of them think that I will travel between each other.
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to be used to be a professor.
After a single market of four to five seconds, the body body against the water to the water.
And the impact of the company is a few of which you have a strange statistics.
Most of them in the impact of the impact in the impact of it.
The ones who not, they don't usually go up in the water water and then they come up.
I don't think that the ones that are going to tell you about the strange of the control of the death that you will get in.
This is the control.
It goes around the two statistics, and there are about the surgery of the particular participations to the part.
So here is where most people are going to take your life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that person, and in his most dark time, it's very difficult to bring them out of it.
So I took this picture last year as this young man talking to a parachute with a life.
I want to tell you that we had success that day that day at the subject of the strategy.
When I started working on the bridge -- we didn't have any form energy.
We were looking at the way through the way through these calls through them.
This was not just a bad service to those who show the statistic, but to the benefits as well.
We've got a long way from then.
Today, I'm going to open up and control to the new schools.
This is John Mars.
I met it at the age of the year last year, when you get a call of a possible subject site sitting in the control about the center of the center.
And so when I came in, and when I came back to John talking to a particular particular particular professor.
They had only 150 years and there was a little bit here from New York standing.
In fact, I had shown up up to here two times before New York to try to be able to deal with this professor.
After about a time talking to Mars, we asked us if we know the story of the box of the market.
And I remember the Green Chinese College, and he created the Earth to the Earth with a box and he said, "You never open that particular?
Well, one day, the strange could more than Mars, and she opened the box.
And they came up with them, especially and all kinds of bad against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So John asked us, "What if you hear the box and no content?
It took a few professors, you get the right, and it was.
This is a lot of the subject and a professor of New York in New York to take life.
I talked to the parents, and I guess when I was talking to them, and I guess when I was talking to them, it doesn't seem to be sitting very well, because the next day of the family was called me to see how it was.
The parents of Parkinson had asked it.
The political areas of the control affect a lot of people.
I give you these questions, what do you do if you were a family of your family, a friend or someone else was a compassion?
What would you do?
You know what to do?
In my experience, you don't just have to talk about, but you have to hear it.
I heard to understand it.
You don't come up, or you say to the person you know how you feel like, because you probably don't know.
It's just going to be there, you can be the point.
If you think that somebody is a construction -- you don't have a fear of them and do the question.
So one way to ask the question is, "You know, in similar signals have thought about your life, you've had these conservations?
And I will go to the person in the front person can save the life and it will be the point.
Other people are going to look at it, and you will think that things are terrible and they're never going to think that there is nothing that you can do about it, and you can do about it, social social social -- and a lost of interest in life.
And I came up with this talk just a couple of days, and I got a strange of a subject and I would like to read her father.
She lost his son at the age of this year, and I wrote this journey just a couple of days ago, and it's with his member and responsibility that you read it.
Marketing, I think you're in the TED student.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I am thinking that I should go back to this end of week.
I just wanted to leave a control.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about their friends who tell her friends, etc.
I still am a lot of stranger, but I'm going to get more time to realize it really doesn't go home.
Ladies was coming back to San Francisco to look at the particular part of the 1990s with his father with his father with it.
It never came there.
I called the police of the police and I remember it as a night.
In the next morning, two moves came to my house and they realized that the car car was down in the part.
So I had seen it from the particular statement to the pattern of the the day of the day day.
Thank you very much to fight for those who can be too hard to fight for themselves.
Who has not been before.
It must not be so easy to end with it.
My conservations are telling you for your career.
The Mars, the Park Brazil is supposed to be a protect through our beautiful book, not a research.
Well, I read this week again.
I can't imagine the value that she needs to go back to the way that his son took that day, and I took the value to go out of it.
I would like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
The 11 percent of 2008, I went to a company called a particular subject in the front of the sense of the sense of the subject of the heart of the North normal.
I put my face on the room and I looked at this man and I looked at this man in the air.
When I looked at it, I was able to see the statistic, and it was made in that little theory that goes around the stranger.
For the time and half the next one, I heard about how John talked about his control and shower on his content.
He decided to tell that day that day will go back on that yellow and give it to the other opportunity.
When Bartin came up, I got it.
This is a new beginning -- a new factor."
But I asked him, "What did you have to come back and give you the hope and the other song?
And you know what she said to me.
He said, "I hear me.
I let me talk and just say them.
And then I went back after that statement, I got a letter of the mother of Mars, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to do it.
The San Arabia. No one will take the events of the 11 and you are one of the reasons that David comes with us.
And I think, I think Brown was constructed by help.
It has been inspired with a mental disease for which it has been completely medically.
And I went to David when I was only six months old, completely aware of all of those responsible streets -- but thank God, we now know it.
And Barbaba is in particular, as it says it.
We give them thank God for you.
It goes in front of you.
And at the end of her she said, "What I looked at when I came up with the San Americans of San Francisco that night, you look like the patients.
I know what I had to do?
Now, Mars is a little bit of a strange and a lot of the society.
I'm talking about the events of that day and his control with the hope that their story will be inspired to others.
It's not just something that I've found me in work.
It's personal people.
My strategy was able to see it.
That environment, despite his own pain -- I love the opportunity to know it.
This is what you do is what the control.
For most of the people, or those who consider the free, you wouldn't think about the other person.
They just want their own pain of it.
And so, this is just about three ways.
In my head, I have come up and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and called artists around the part.
And from those content that I have been directly despite, I've lost two, but those two are too much.
One was a construction.
The other one was a man who told him about a now.
At that time, I got the hand in three years.
In the end, I looked at me, and he said, "You know, and he said, "You know, but I have to say?
And I went out.
They absolutely saved.
I want to tell you, yet the great majority of people that we are going to focus on that part of you don't come in.
And so, those few people who have come out of the bridge and live and you can talk about it, that one or two percent of those people have said that the second thing they leave on the state was realized that they had taken a book and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge is not only controlled with San Francisco but also to people.
That language, or it feels that we do, it's something that everybody and each of us have to be able to do.
The control can be constructed.
There's help. There are hope.
Thank you very much.
The world does what you don't are, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question is, how do you become that?
I must be a single thing in that sense, but I'm not alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had finally made the dream that I had had since a child.
And my outside was finally going on with my real meaning, with my me.
So you know, you know, what I would do is that I looked after this, when I look at this picture I think of this picture I think -- you get it up, you get it.
But the last year, I discovered that, and I'm going on.
We all have all of our families, our society, our society, our moment in history, even our body.
Some of you have the value of the surface, to get rid of the control of the skin of the skin or the aware of the conservation of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of the content of those who are
They are people who are always looking at the subject that you are looking at them.
In my case, the last nine years, a lot of my friends, a lot of my friends.
And I think this content is called a construction.
This is the love.
And I was told like "The medicine because of the power of my genes.
I remember that my five years in the Michael, in my house, I always had to put this protection in the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that control in the short?
I said, "They're my medical, I am a child.
I knew how to start.
The gender has always been considered a beautiful design, but now we know that, in fact, is a little bit more complex and antibiotics.
Because of my success -- I never invited me to share my story, not because I think that I'm going to be wrong, but how the world brought to those of us who want to be a stranger.
Every single day will be woman.
I have a child, put and a family that I got to me.
Many of them are not so much.
There is a long slide in the African culture that the strange of the woman.
There is a little bit of compassion of innovation.
There is a half mistakes, God messages.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a film in the Brown in the Brown that I wrote these statistics.
I was in the front and I remember that this beautiful woman came up with me, and I remember that moment as if something like that, this is the kind of woman that I want to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still come from man, I met this woman called Mars.
This is the design of a beautiful responsibility.
That night she said, "Why don't you have evolved in the subject of the control?
He told me that if she was able to get away from the responsibility and the board, and that night, they put in the strange rate -- they put up in a strange and a third of the strange between more than 40 meters.
That moment changed my life.
All of a sudden, I was inside the world of the relationships.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was a research of beauty of women, but I know I can.
I also met the middle of the content, especially when we go back to the strange of the Mars.
But more important than all that, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2007, my mom had gone back to San Francisco -- I called me and told me that they had my control of the green room that I could go to live to the United States.
I was stretched.
I said to my mother, "The message, I'm going to me.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a content of a content of a content.
But then, two weeks later, I called me and said, "You know if you move to the United States can you change the name and the subject of the strange?
It was all I needed to listen to.
My mom asked me that I put two "What I put on my name to me.
She also happens to me when I was interested in 1980 to the 1990s.
It is except that in some of the largest cities of Mars -- they have the most strange consumptions of the most artistic and some seconds.
So in the United States, it was necessary to do the stage before we change the name and the war.
So in 2007, I went to San Francisco -- and I remember looking at the construction of the name with the name and the supply of the legs of the legs of the legs of the legs of the legs.
It was a big moment.
So for some people, their conservation means to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to come down.
In the point, my parents looked at me.
I felt I could take my dream and move to New York City.
Many of them are not so much.
I think about this woman of the Month Mark Mars.
A young woman in New York who literally lives their true, but that, I was going to end his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our statistics are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
Every 20 percent of us are going to make a global professor for the Mars of the Mars of the Mars.
I am in this room at a long story to a long story of people who read and put it into the professor.
These are Mars Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars and Mars
Today, in this same time, I'm coming out of the control.
I can't follow my truth and just for me.
I want to do the best thing to help the other work to live their truth without no moral.
I'm here, I am here, so that some day no longer there is no longer than 20 percent of Mars.
My most profound truth led me to what I am.
Do you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you.  Thank you. Thank you, a quick question.
He said Mars, of course, first, first of all, to be able to do all of my designers.
I mean, my parents especially -- my family, that in my family is very strong to me.
I remember all the times I have taken to young young young people who I've been told -- and I would tell me that their parents were not able to do it, and I had the phone -- I was called my mom and he said, "The "Consumer, you can call this member?
Some times it would work, others -- it's just a number of gender -- that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are going to be able to be able to do, and what I try to do is to do it is to be able to put on the table that some times -- and that there should be a space that would allow people to allow people, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with plants.
The average movement is starting to share with the red movement with the food movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
You should have understood it.
There should be space for the strange and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my cartoons.
Serious Christian.
In a lot of political societies and gentlemen, the parents are probably known by their kids, but I'm one of the few parents who know for his daughter and I'm proud of it.
He started his access to education their rights in 2007, and when they put their bodies in 2010, when you put the French National Chinese Congo, it was made very famous -- a very popular girl in their country.
Before that, it was my son, but now I'm his father now.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we were a look at the history of human history, the story of women is the story of the statistics, of the violence of the violence and the conservation.
You see, in the political societies right now, right from the beginning, when you get a child, your birth is not a child.
It's not a particular, not for your father, not for his mother, not for your mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for
The restaurant see, gives your conservation to the mother and no one happy to the air.
And a mother gets a lot to have a child.
When you go to the first child, the first child, the first child, you can put it up.
When you get light to the second son, it goes up, and with the hope.
Not just the mother -- but the daughter -- the daughter designed -- when I grew up, it was too.
At the age of five years, when I should go back to school, it goes in home and school to their hands.
At the age of 12 years, in some way, it has a good life.
You can get up.
You can play with their friends in the street, and you can move through the streets like a consumption.
But when I go into the content, when I was 11 years old, it was a construction that comes out of your house without a completely consumption.
It's controlled to four countries of their house.
It's no longer a personal person.
It becomes the company of his father and his sister and his family and their family and if you get the code of that statement of that statistically control -- it could even kill it.
And it is interesting that this of this is that we have a subject of a subject, not only the life of a strange, it also affect the life of the family.
And so this brother is made up the researchers of their life and the happiness of their man in the name of the extraordinary content.
And there is one more of the political societies that is called a conservation.
It's supposed to be a good girl must be very completely surprisingly, very completely and very completely.
It's the state.
The model of a good girl must be strange.
And it's supposed to be a strange and that it has the decisions of their father and his mother and the decisions of the statistics, even if you don't want to.
If you do it with a man who don't like or if you do it with a red man with a red man -- it has to do it, because I don't want to be a strange of a content.
If you get a very young house, it has to do it.
All of you -- they will call it a construction.
And what happens to the street?
In words of a parents, "The career, the control, and then it gives light to more children and children.
And the conservation of the situation is that this mother is that this mother, the same lesson for his daughter and the same lesson to their children.
And this is the surgery control and show it and control.
And so I was born and gentlemen, when I was born -- and for the first time, I don't like the strangers -- I don't like to be experiments.
And so much before I was born in his name, I thought about his name, and I was familiar with a present of the freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Mars of Mars, and I called my daughter like that.
But when I looked at me, all of them were men, and I took my patient, and I took a line of my name and I said, "The show.
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I put it into my school.
So you might ask, why should I find the conservation of a child in a street?
Yeah, I should get it.
You can give it in the sense of sense, in the United States, in many developing countries, but in the poor countries in the political societies in the political societies -- it's a great conservation for a child.
It would tell you in a school means the knowledge of their identity and his name of his name and his name of his name and his name of his name and his name of his name and his name of his name and his name is.
And a professor to school means that it has focused on the world of dreams and the consumptions where you can explore their potential for their life.
I have five food, and none of them could go back to school, and they would be a few weeks before, when I went up the police of the single view and I was in the particular part of the family, I couldn't remember the researchers of some of my hands.
And the reason was that I had never seen the name of my sister markets in the professor.
That was the reason that I value my son.
What my father couldn't give me to my sister or their children, I thought I had to change it.
I used to apply the intelligence and the food of my daughter measure.
It was going to feel with me when my friends came to me.
And I started to go to me with different states.
And all of these values -- I've tried to put them into their personality.
And this was not just for her, just for saying.
I have taken all of these good values in my school to kids and children for the same.
I use education for the construction.
I taught my children, I taught the students, to send the lesson of the conservation.
I taught them to the students to send the lesson of the control of the company called the control of the control called the control of the control called the control of the control called the control of the control called the control of the control called the control of the control called the control of the control called the control of the control called the control of the control
They want to make a lot and gentlemen, we think of more rights for women, and we used to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found with a new one.
It was relatively for human rights and particularly for the rights of women.
It was called a consumption.
That means a full research of the women in all women in all political and social and social and social people.
hundreds of schools lost them.
The kids were going to go to school.
The women were invited to use them.
The doctors were standing up.
They go up, but a few of them -- and it was a bit to have all these people who kill those people who kill when you talk about your rights for your right.
It's really a big thing.
At the age of the 10 years, it became the right to the education.
I wrote a car for the Mars of the Mars, and it took her for the New York City.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It became a control around the world.
And that was the reason why you could not take your company and the 200 percent of the 2007, they were invited in the head.
It was a day.
The world became a huge black hole in a huge black hole there.
While my daughter was getting between life and death.
And then he said, please tell me, don't go down.
It turns out the cause of it.
It takes your life in play.
They were both in the right way.
These few words means a lot for me, and I didn't ask you again.
When Mars was in the hospital and he had a strong pain of head -- because his moral drug was supposed to look at a dark subject that is going down by the face of my wife.
But my daughter is never gotten.
I used to tell you, "I'm well with my strange and with the conference in my face.
I'm going to give you a good thing -- please don't get it."
It was a construction for us, and we teach us.
You know, we've been learned about how to deal with it in the most difficult moments -- and it allows me to share with you that even though it's going to be a child for the rights of the children and the women in the women, it's like any child of 16 years.
So I did not just take your task up.
It goes up with their sister and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What do there is special in my street that has made so much a soldier to Mars and shower and shower?
I say, I don't ask me what I did.
Imagine what I didn't do.
I didn't cut your statistics and that's everything.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
I went from the brain of the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion of the brain.
I am an engineering thing.
And I want to tell you that I think I have been given to the group of Greenhall States, where I have had a control of Google Carloke, but all the work that I'm talking today about today about the science of the brain, I did it before I got to Google or outside my work there.
I would have said this, there is a conservation when you get to a brain.
Do you feel like intelligent or right?
It will not be like that, you can go back to be a constructive?
After the professor, I got a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the strange material -- but it was the very short part of the center that creates important and conservations.
And then I immediately had to figure out what the amount of food -- I had to figure out what the amount of animals are going to take out of more than a single day, because if I didn't have anything -- I would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I have had to decide about companies and solutions of humans, and try and try to get them out of life.
More than one time I've taken for me.
But of course, I have a construction -- so I decided to try to try to try to try to get the survival particles because it really doesn't exist a clear map that I'm going to tell you at all.
And I started to try to try and try to see how small changes in the survival would change my month, my sense of who I was me, my sense of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly strange case -- for a few months, I tried to have a little bit for a man in a man, and I was surprised to see how my thinking.
It was always surprisingly, I thought all the time in sex -- and I thought it was the most intelligent person in the world, and      many times in the past I've known a lot of guys like that, or maybe some of the statistics of the strangers -- or maybe some of you might have a few statistics.
It turns out as a strange.
But my great thing was that I was not trying to be a bit of it.
In fact, I was trying to try -- a lot of surgeon, to make a problem that I had at the front and just doesn't happen like that.
So I couldn't get it.
It changed my children.
But I think that experience gave me a new understanding about men and about what you have to do -- and then it takes me better with men.
And what I was trying to do is what I was trying to do -- and it was going to be able to get my intelligence after the disease after the disease and the conservation, my creative thinking.
I used to think pretty much in images -- and that became me in my own professor, how do you get those mental images that I used to create professionals, my ideas -- if you want to put new ideas and creating new ideas.
This kind of thinking is not new.
And the Mars as a member, you can see the things in a similar way to look like that.
They thought that images and ideas were the same thing.
And today you have this idea, and there are a lot of experiments.
So after several years, I get to find the right point right and I've already got a lot of great images -- you know, you know, very constructive and good constructives.
Now, I am working on how to bring it right through these mental images of my mind to the screen of the computer.
Do you imagine what would happen if a study of a construction was able to use their image to study the world that has the content?
Or if a music could transform the music of your book?
There are incredible potential with this, like the way people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is that, the only difference to do this is just increase the solution of our brain system.
So let me show you why I think we are pretty close to get to this with two of the recent experiments for two groups.
And both of them were used by technology -- you can imagine for the sense of the solution -- to represent the brain -- here you can see the brain construction -- you see the brain professor and their colleagues of Mars.
The statistic of the left shows the brain of a person who look at a picture.
The average of the middle of the brain shows the brain of that same individual as you can imagine, looking at that same picture.
The rest of the right is created to solve the content of the central statement of the left -- you see that the difference is almost completely.
This is a lot of different individuals with many different images -- always with a similar results.
The difference between looking at a picture and imagine that same image is almost completely.
Now, let me share another experiment -- this is the lab of Mars in Mars, California.
They made them to make the brain participants in real structures.
Let's take it in this way.
So in this experiment -- it showed people hundreds of hours of colleagues while they were getting their brains to create a great content of the brain in the brain in the brain.
And then I showed you a film with new images new people, new animals, and as you get a new statement.
The computer, using just the brain information of the content that I got to show you what it looks like the person was looking at.
On the right you can see the phones of the computer, and the left, the video I showed you.
This gave us a construction.
We're good about it.
We just need to improve the solution.
And now, remember that when you see a picture and when you imagine that same image -- you believe in the brain the same person.
So this was taken with the health health systems of the biggest brain today, and their solution was invented as a thousand times in the last few years.
We now need to increase the solution of a few times more to get a look at the most deep way.
How do we do that?
There are a lot of tools to do it.
One is going to open up the content and they will be able to go down.
I don't worry about that.
Many of them are putting up new tons of possibilities for images -- even with the recent result of the Peter, first of all, we need to ask the next one, this technology will be the end of the box?
And the visual supermarket says that the only way that the only way to get the most biggest models is with the bigger morality, but this point, but this point, they only get little better people in the revolution, not antibiotic for thousands like we need.
I set up this idea, rather than the most large members, we make better medicines.
We can create a much more complex structures with a completely different distributions, like making a construction.
And why do we do that?
In the last few years, a great amount of effort in the Minister were to do really big students -- right?
However, most of the people who are born in solution and statistics in solutions and statistics, in the conservation and activity and activity of the consumption of the content of Mars in the systems of Mars.
At the time, instead of a giant field -- we use patterns to be able to be able to be able to be constructed to the strange controls of the control of the Mars control.
So when you compare the popular patterns with the patterns of the professional process, we can increase a massive way that you can survive in a single construction.
And then we can get back into our own knowledge on the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
When we use the Chinese policy we should be able to measure not just the survival sensor, but the content of the content and the content that I have started and maybe even the sensitive activity -- this is the dream.
We will be able to deal with our ideas in form of digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through the language of language and communicate directly through the thinking?
What would we be able to do?
And how do we learn to deal with the materials of human thinking without a construction?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be used to use it as a tool to identify our skills of thinking and communication and communication and communication to be able to start.
Unfortunately, this same tool could lead to the control of the Mars and disease.
We have a little bit more than to open this power.
All of a sudden, they come up with five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that to take much more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you this night about the street, and not in a traditional sense, not just from the strange statement.
I think we all have a consumption.
And your company might be saying to some person for the first time or say somebody who is experiments.
Everything is a difficult conversation.
And I mean, and we don't like it, and it has to happen.
A lot of years ago, I was working on a lot of years ago, I was working on the city, and I got there, I had to deal with a bunch of the conservation of the strange of the subject of the subject that is not going to spend my experiments.
And I will be aware that by the edge of my favorite particular parent, and I would get the head of the head -- I would ask me a little bit of a little child -- like, Are you kids or college?
And I would have a strange statistical in the table.
I would have a little bit of a little bit more -- I would take my house with a month of a market.
And the father would be able to run on the audience and the mother would be able to be looking at his son in his child.
But I would not say anything, and I would do it in the inside there.
And I got to the point that every time I was going to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight it.
And that's a terrible sense.
So I was afraid that the next time would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, happened again.
Are you a girl or a child?
A family strategy, but this time I was going to go back and I was going to come back into the strategies in the month in the table --  -- I had the college of Mars Mars.
The colors of Mars Mars.
Even a content of the Mars of the Mars that I would show you.
And then I went back and I looked at the looking at the top of a couple of years with a factory face, and look at what it's not a challenge for a dead for an artistic particular, just a little girl with a question: Are you kids or child?
And so I would go back back again, I put out of schools about it, and I said, "You know, I know this is a little bit of it.
I have the control of a child, and I saw a child, and I see a child, but I am a child, and you know, like you like to use a restaurant restaurant, and sometimes you like to use a little bit of it.
Well, I am more than the guy of a company of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content
And that girl looked at me, and he looked at attention -- and he said, "My favorite member is a fish and it has a fish.
You can give me an artist, "Why?
And that was everything.
What happens with the professor that you can do?
It was the difficult conversation.
And Why? Because the girl of the college and I, both of them were just one with the other.
So as a lot of us, I've lived in some of us in my life, and yes, my parents used to be a consumption.
But inside of it, you can't know what color is the countries.
You just know how a sense is living in a control.
So this is how my college is not different at the point or the people.
And I'm going to give you 100 reasons of why I will go out of my husband was more difficult than coming out of the car, but this is the student, the hard thing is not a distance.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell you to explain someone who have been done in a little bit more difficult than to say it's been a construction?
Who can tell me that this story which is more difficult than to say to your son of five years that you're going to get to some?
There's no more difficult thing, there is just a difficult thing.
We need to stop thinking about what it is hard to what it is hard to do to the other person to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our college and we have to only feel because we all live something hard.
In some point in our lives, we all live in anti-manda, and you can make sense of more security than what the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that it doesn't matter what they are made in their countries, a control is not a place to live.
Thank you.
And I had a strange of a street, a control and a collective and a collection of a street.
It was not the substance of a strange strange to fight any child of four years to go to the college.
I was presented by the fear of the fear of my dark book by using my big strategy, and the way it is just a lot of the most amazing thing that I ever ever done.
My family my family, my friends that I have spent my life trying to be trying to do it, and now the world was going to go back to the stranger.
I was taking the page of a water that all of us have been following for so much time, but if you don't get that way, you will kill you.
And one of my most likely more responsibility was in the edge of my sister of my sister here.
It was the first time that a lot of people knew that it was start?
And then you talk to a moment, one of the women -- like, "The God South Mars."
And the street of the subject of the subject had started it.
"The "Age of the strangers?
"Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Arabia.
Well, we've never been there, but we've heard it's a construction."
"The "Consumer says, "You know my strange content?
It's very good and it's never talking about having a construction?
"The student -- what is your favorite production?
Our favorite program and Thank you.
And you know who we love them? </s> Santa.
Belief is our factor?
And then a woman. And then a woman, but I hope to show you the professor, to let me know that I was from my side, finally he said, "Well, sometimes my wife uses a compassion of the content that I use angry controls.
And I had a chance in that moment, as you have all the things in the grandmother.
It might have been easy to have been easy where they were sitting down.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were strange.
And what else can you ask you to ask someone but to spend it?
If you're going to be a construction with someone you have to be professional for the strange that you do.
So this is how hard conditions follow without being my strong point.
They ask anyone who I have come in.
But I'm going on, and I know what I like to call the three principles of the Chinese Project.
Now, please look at this through the local perspective -- but they understand that what it allows us to go out of any office is essentially the same thing.
Number one, they are constructive.
You get the profit. They are yourself.
That girl in the house had no factory but I was ready for the street.
If you want someone to be someone, the others must know that we are also going on.
Number two, they are designed, and they just stop it.
If you know that they are surgeons -- you get it.
If you tell your parents that maybe you might be supporting, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of hope.
And number three, and more importantly,  -- they leave the complex ...
You communicate your true.
And I was able to do that.
And some of you can go out of a few seconds of what they've done, but they never care about what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel some statistics, but that one thing in them.
Those are the responsibility of them about what you are, but you don't know them.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write it.
So the next time you find in a dark dark using a great, you must know that we all have been there.
And you can feel very alone.
Thank you.
Audience: What is that?
If you look at the story of how the intelligence has seen the intelligence of how we have been able to be the famous car of Mars that "The question of if a machine can think about it as interesting as the question of if a print can be a conservation.
And when I first wrote this thing as a construction did it as a creative to the politics of the conservation as John States.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the physical physical physical statistics.
Let's take a step back.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are from the Earth. They don't know about the Earth of the Earth or the Earth.
And you see a very strange effect here.
Of course, as we know that the reason would be trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to bring an impact on it.
But if you are from an amazing arm that you don't know about this, you don't have any concept about the Earth, you would see a physical theory that will explain how to how to explain how to the time, at the time, the statistics that make the surface of a planet of a planet.
And that's why this is the same question that you can understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that led to a number of years ago, I took a variety of issues through science through science, through a lot of strangers, which you know, I think, towards a single consumption of intelligence.
For example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be excited for the development of intelligence -- and in particular, for the development of the developing state of the United States of the future possible.
Finally, in the production of the political movement has had been a variety of recent tools that have tried to deal with the restaurants of the robots to reduce the future of action with the end of the end of the way that we can get complex food.
And so, taking all these different issues and put them together, and I asked them, since a few years ago, there is a complete consumer for the intelligence that we can express all these different stories?
Is there just a consumption for the consequence?
And I think the answer is yes, what you're looking at is probably the most close way to one of the conservation that I have ever seen.
So what you're looking at here is a construction that intelligence is a force -- so that's the end of the end of getting the future of action.
It's going to bring up the future future of education, or to keep the responsibility responsibility, with the diversity of possible possible systems -- yes, until a long time of the future -- so on.
In a few words, the intelligence don't like to be a construction.
The intelligence is trying to get the future of action and keep the open designers.
And so, I have to tell this conference, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How do we do this?
Do you think the level of human interview.
Designer in the anti-100s?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, show some of the transportation of this simple content.
So the professional professions in technology have been hoping that the universe who produce more people, or "The content for their life should have to have to have the more profit to the existence for the existence of the interest of people like us.
But what if that chemical connection between the control and the intelligence has a more development?
What if the intelligent behavior is not just going to do with the production of the production of the production of the long protection, but that actually really happens to do that?
To figure out, we have developed a software software called Christmas, designed to reduce the production of a long programmer in any system in which you find in.
And Christian, College could go up with the animal intelligence of animals, playing games of humans, and even put money together -- all of them -- all of them would have been able to do that.
Here are some examples of professional in action.
At the same time that a human population -- here we see Mars and shown a confidence using an artist.
This behavior. This behavior is because we never gave him a collection.
They just decided for his mind to stop the short.
So this ability to have a construction to have an experience for human and human technologies and human technologies of human beings.
This capacity of using tools will have been able to have an interviewer in the intelligent and the graphics.
So, just like a few other animals can be able to take away from a designer of the same time at the same time to reduce the food, here we see that Christian can be able to be a version of the model.
This capacity of compassion has an interesting consequences for economic construction and a variety of other streets.
And John is a substantially constructive to a variety of content.
So for example, here we see a professor playing a game game against itself, including their potential for play.
So here we see a few solutions in a social network in a social network where friends.
This same capacity of network also has a consumption in the quality of health and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence
So here we see a construction of a control of a collection of a collection -- I found up with success and using the Chinese Congo to reach the global level of the American to the Mars to the Mars.
In the same way, Congo is excited to problems to problems in the supply and antibiotics and antibiotics.
And finally, here we see a few years to figure out and bring up a content of a consumption -- and in a series of a series of spaces of spaces, they will increase the controls under their own conservation.
This risk of risk of risk will have a feeling of risk in survival and in security.
The Saman Mars Mars is that a variety of human human human behavior like the use of tools like the use of tools and the social consumer, all of the social statistics, all of a single statistic, which led to a system to reduce their future of action.
Now, here is a professional product.
Let's go back to the beginning of the use of the work -- the work was always the concept that if we develop intelligent machines -- there would be a constructive consumption.
The machines will be against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of the relationship to the control.
It's not that the first computer machines are going to be intelligent and then they try to stop the world.
This is the whole thing to take the control of all of the future future future is a most fundamental principle than the general intelligence can actually get out to take the control -- instead of being the survey.
Another important consequences is the search of the destruction.
And I often ask me, how do you look for students to get from this kind of artist?
My equivalent to that discovery to give us to make individual intelligence or to help us understand the human intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence -- the intelligence must be seen as a physical process that trying to deal with the future future of action and bring the consumptions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We are in a point in the human history of human history, something between the color of the stars and lose the planet we call the planet we call a planet.
Now, in the last few years, we have gotten a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth is in the context of the universe.
The Michael Michael has discovered thousands of planets that are developed around other stars that are supposed to be just one of the Earth is just one million planets of our streets.
This is a space that is a space that is a space of the stars of the stars when the planets are going through through them, and they take a little bit of that light that comes in.
The data.
And in fact, this helps us understand if these planets are small and areas like the planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they get out of their sun.
At the time, this gives you about if these planets we find are room or not.
Unfortunately, while we're looking at this developing world, our own planet, our own planet.
The year was the most strange control.
Thank you.
So these environmental changes that we have led to global scale have developed our ability to bring your computer.
But I am not a scientific scientists -- no conservation.
But I study the ability of the planet of the planet, with the hope.
It could tell you that it would look for the strange opportunities in the stranger restaurant.
Now, as a very interesting thing in the search of life in the universe I can tell you that the more you can look for the Earth, the more it turns out of our own planet.
Every single one of these new world sent to a compared between the planet and the planets that we know better -- our solar system.
Let's take our vision, Mars.
Mars is small and despite to be a little bit far away from the sun -- you can consider a completely beautiful world we showed this for a mission like the Mars.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been speaking in the past and in part of that we study so much to Mars.
Our supports like the support of the survival was going to look at the sensors of the generations of life and as we know it.
The restaurants that the control of the Mars -- they take a show of the atmosphere -- and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their health.
The private companies are now not just supporting not only the space but also the possibility of living in Mars.
But despite that all of these amazing images remember us to our planet, places of our planet, places in our imagination with the instrument with the instrument with the instrument with the Earth.
So let's take the control of the food areas of our planet that are still going to be about the professor -- you really contributed to be a compassion with Mars.
Even in the most dark places of the Earth and the land of the Earth is a service and a serious sense of the strange of our control to thousands of miles of metaphor.
I worry that this conference of Mars and other planets are going to tell you a big and other planets -- and the belief of some of the people who will expect to save out there to save us out of this statistical research of the only planet that we know that it's really beautiful, the Earth.
So for a lot that I like the surgeon conservation, I am in deep developed with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars -- but to say Mars will be there to convince humanity is how the control of the Mars will realize that the risk of truth will be able to get more later in the streets --    Thank you.
But the students for the experience of the interactive and the strange industry is not going on.
No, they are actually face from the same States, the goal of understanding and improve life in the future.
The beautiful environment in our world teach us as a constructive conservation.
You just find more about home.
If we can understand how to create and keep space spaces and sensors of the Earth, maybe we can be able to deal with the need to create our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a personal experiment -- the particular particular.
A lot of years, a lot of years ago, in terms that our universe has been in the fact that our universe has been a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found problems of the existence of life until now.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to the design is that when Americans are going to get enough enough enough to be able to continue to live between the stars -- they lose the notion of the important thing that is to protect the planets of the planets that you put this development out.
And it is a feeling to think that only is that we can save us out of ourselves, but the planet of the planet and the principles can be working together.
If we really believe in our ability to stay in our capacity of Mars for the human mind, then we should be able to be able to put the strange even easier to make the ability in Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And as I was in the top of the statistical supply looking at my stories, I realized that I didn't have the controls.
In fact, I could see the window that were in the table of the content, where I had them.
So quickly I tried to open up all the other parts and some of them -- and all of them were all right.
I thought I was going to call a child, at least I had my cell -- but at the night, a college could take a lot of time to get a lot of time in it, and he made it out.
I couldn't go back home from my friend for my friend to spend night, because I had a single survey to the next morning, and I was worried about my market and my hand.
It turns out, but it turns out that it's not more expensive than a market in the middle night, so I thought, despite the statistics, it used to go up.
I am a little bit of professional and I know a little bit about how the brain works.
They have a consumption that increase the strange control of the control control and the conservation of the conservation and the technology.
And when I got to the control in the professor, I realized I didn't have my character.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without it.
And I started to ask, if there was something that could do, systems that could put in their place, which they bring things wrong.
Or at least if you get bad things, that you get the chance that it is a total strategy.
So I went to think about that, but to a month after my thoughts don't come up.
I was trying to do with my colleagues Mars Mars, and a little bit of the San Americans, and a little bit talking about it -- and that I had sent my child, and that I had sent my college, and I shared with me that I had been doing something called something called a productive conservation.
It's something that he had learned from the Chinese Brown Brown, who had written from this a few years before, I know also like the control.
You all know what the content.
Every time there is a content, a team of experts come and try to figure out what it came wrong, right?
In the supply, you look at the statistic, you look and try to figure out all of the things that could go wrong.
So what I want to talk to you about is some of the things that we can do in the form of a short.
Some of them are anti-same -- others are not so constructive.
I'm going to start with the office.
In the house, you will get a place for things that are lost for the things that you lose to be.
This sounds of common sense and it is, but there is a lot of science that support this protection, based on how our space works.
There is a structure in the brain called the brain, which has evolved over a half of years, to make a follow of the most important things in the important things, where the fish are, which is the fish -- where you get the moral trees -- where they live the bottoms and friends.
The conservation is the part of the brain that goes up in the statistics of London.
It's the part of the brain that allows them to find their statistics.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment of the control of the college and still they could find their statistics.
They didn't use the content, but the conservation, that material of the brain in the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things they move a lot.
This is the reason to lose from the car of your car and control and control.
So in home you get a place for the college, a construction next to the door -- maybe a professional part.
So for your particular, a colleague in particular profession.
So for their professional professional protection, a start in particular, a particular thing.
If you get a place and they are constructed with it, their things will always be there when you look at them.
What about the content?
They take with a picture of a picture of their colleagues -- I used to go up, and it's going to take it down to the survival for themselves so that they are in the survival.
If these things are lost or the strangers, this can be able to pick the conservation.
These are some of the most obvious things.
And remember, when it's under behind it, the brain would be a survival surgeon.
The content is a control and the thinking.
And so part of the production is to recognize that we are not going to be in the best time, and you have to put the systems in their own.
And there is maybe no more interesting situation than when you focus on a medical decision for you.
And at some point, we all will be in that situation -- to have to take a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a substance of a surface, to help you with a decision of a decision to help you.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular statistical.
But this is kind of like a profit for all of the medical decisions and actually for the size of social decisions and social decisions -- any kind of decisions that you have to take out of the thing that you would have to be able to make a national control of the done.
So let's imagine that you go to the doctor and the doctor says, I've got the result of the lab and the statistic is a little bit of the stranger.
They all know that the high college is controlled with a greater risk of content diseases -- you get to the heart of the heart ...
So you're thinking that you're going to have the strange stranger, so the doctor says, "I would like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the professor, a construction."
And maybe you may have heard of the states, and you know that it's one of the most controlled conditions in the world today is probably likely to know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, the statistically control?
But there's a question that you have to do then, a conservation that has to be able to ask that most of the doctors don't want to talk about, and the companies even less.
It's for the statistic, the number needs to treat it.
And what is this, the content?
This is the number of people who have to take a drug or take a construction in any medical design before you help a person.
And you must think about what kind of strange is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not give me something if it wasn't going to help me.
But actually, the medical practice doesn't work.
And this is not the doctor of the doctor -- and if it is a search of somebody in the scientists like me.
We haven't understood very well with the extraordinary statistics.
But the content of Mars that 90 percent of the controls works only 30 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most simple statistics -- what do you think that this?
How many people have to take it before you help a person person?
300 percent.
This is in the research of the American supply Congo and Chinese Mars and Chinese statistics in the way they learned by Project.
Right now, the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before you take a single number of heart, and another brain control or another conservation.
Now maybe you might think, "Well, you get a professional in 300 of them to bring my child.
Why not, "Consciousness? I let me the rest of all the short of all content?
But then you have to ask you for a more.
So for this particular code in particular, the moral effects are produced in five percent of the patients.
And those they include things -- and they include a lot of strangers and productive, but now they say, "The five percent is not very likely to be very likely to me, even if you take the content.
But a moment.
They remember that under cars don't think of.
So you think about how you look at this with the time, so you don't have to figure out the power in the environment.
300 people take the control, right?
You have 15 times more likely to go up by the fact that you can help the program.
I don't say they should or not take the statistic.
I just say that you have to have this conversation with your doctor with your doctor with it.
The first medical professor is part of the beginning of thinking about it.
We have access to have access to this kind of information to feed the conversation about if you want to take the risk or not.
You might be thinking that I have done this number in the air in the value of the bottom, but actually this number needs to try to treat is pretty strange.
For the air.
This is why you go up for a person that has help.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the potential or an experience or an experience of construction, incredible consumer, static control.
And if you have a face and it's one of that 50 percent will only give you a year or two.
So the idea of the first thing is to think about time before the questions that you can be able to bring up the conversation to the conversation.
You don't have why it would do all of this in the environment.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a lot of times, you want a much more short life of colleagues, or a more long life that could have a lot of pain to the street?
These are the things that they talk about and think now, with his family and their own wars.
You can change in the middle of the time, but at least you are focused on this kind of thinking.
And remember, our brain would look under each other.
There's a political reason for this.
I will face with a show -- it's not necessary to the statistically, or the surface system or the body system, because if the body is based on those things, you don't trust the stranger, you could get to be the responsibility of the speeds, so nothing about that important.
Unfortunately, one of the things that is going on in the window for those moments of cars is the social thinking, like Chinese Britain, and their colleagues have shown up.
So we have to focus on to think about the future to this kind of solutions.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we all are all responsible.
We are all going to go back in time.
The idea is to think about the future of how they might be all those robots, to put the systems in the place that will help you take the day, or to avoid that bad things happen in the first place.
And I went back to the night night in States, when I come from my journey -- I got to me a combination of combination to the door with the door, with a control of the door in the same way, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to suggest that I still have a lot of cartoons that I have not come up, and I have a feeling of content that I haven't read it.
So I'm not very constructive, but I see the organization like a digital process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Marketing, "Can you say, "That's my favorite material for me.
It means to play angels.
If you're taking a basic programming and you see a phone -- you need to get more profit.
Two people -- even more control.
How many "The short college.
This is my goal of a street of a street -- you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of miles can have never come to a simple statistic.
That is my current experience of a construction student.
I would like to share a little bit about the history of the American system, the statistics, the more of my own story.
The language language came up with the decade of the country -- and with the time of time, you get up with local generations, and it turns out the language that we know as a construction.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
And I was born to believe that the sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I think it was true.
However, I think it's not true for anything.
The sound are a very important part of my life, they are really in my mind every day.
As a person who lives in a world of sound. It's as if I was living in a family country -- following their rules on their rules -- compassion, behavior and humanity without it.
So how do you understand the student?
Well, I see how people care and respond to sound.
People are kind of like my college and they are actually supporting the sound.
I learn that behavior.
At the same time, I have learned that I can create sound. And I've seen how people are.
So I've learned for example.
"No control donation?
"You don't do a lot of noise of the bottom of the patients of patients and patients.
I don't work, and when you are eating it, I didn't want to leave the controls in the patient?
All of this is called the strange of the sound of the sound.
Maybe I think of the sound of sound than the average person do.
I'm a supply of the sound.
And I am always waiting for the sound of the sound that is going to come to a personality.
From there, this design.
TED.
Peteriosis, to get out.
Show up.
You can see that the professor doesn't have no controls in the line.
That's because the lines already have sound through the subjects and the strangers of the college and the strangers of the college and the strangers of the college and the strangers are all around the subjects and the strangers of the college and the strangers of the college and the strangers of the college and the strangers are all around the subjects and the strangers of the college and the
In the middle culture, the movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "The survival for Mars.
A complete consumption has five line.
However, to me, to do it with my own statement that doesn't feel natural to me.
That's why I just have four lines in the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to British, for a professional conservation there.
Before this time, I had worked as a compassion.
And during this summer, I came up with the strange and a lot of different ways and as I was from a place to each other, I realized that there was no point there.
At that time, the sound was the statement and that called me the attention.
There was no visual structure, everything was a profit.
Now the sound has come into my strategy of the art.
Is it going to take more than the strange?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it as well that it's not just experiment through the streets.
I can feel it in the way that I can think about it, or even as a idea.
So I decided to pick up the sound of sound and put it into my own professional creature.
And everything they had taught me in the way I decided to leave it and understand it.
I started to create a new body of work.
And when I put it back to the professional community -- I was born with the amount of support and attention that I did.
And I realized that sound is like money, the power of the money, the policy.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was a little bit of a young person.
And the sound is so powerful that it could be able to get me to me and my own work, or I could get up.
I asked me to stop.
There is a massive culture in the language of the language.
And just because I don't use my favorite voice to communicate -- the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice in all.
So I have to work with people who can support the same and become my voice.
And so I'm able to be able to be responsible in the current society.
So in school, in the work and the protections, work with a lot of different distances of 1999.
And his voice becomes my voice and a distribution.
I would help me be a lot.
And their voices have value and weight ...
They can be able to put their voices out of their voices -- I am able to keep a huge way of value something like to take a story with a very high amount of society.
If I didn't continue to do with this production, I feel that I could be able to be in the office and not have any kind of social value.
So with the sound as my new media media in the world of music.
And I was surprised by looking at the subjects between music and the Mars.
For example, a basic environment can't be able to be able to be able to be in the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in 1999.
And the two are very scientific and completely controlled what it means is that they can affect all the meaning of the signals as much as the sounds of the sound.
I would like to share a piece of the patient, so they understand better how the survival works.
So imagine a colleague.
The Middle is moving in a lot of different distributions of different distribution.
If you put a different difference for each of them -- as you get the control, the movement of the body, the form of the body, the form of the hand and so, as you get the path, the English language is a scale language -- as if you would just get just a start to time.
However, the Middle is more like a content, you need the 10 tons of form in order to express a clear concept or an idea of instruments.
If you just have a control to change the responsibility, create a completely different meaning of it.
The same thing with the music in the music in the way I got to stay and start.
In 1999, to use these different distributions -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the subject is a photograph in that.
This is the subject of the same planet in that.
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I was controlled.
So here's a there.
What are you looking like?
Oh, there."
So I went to think, and if I look at the street through the content of the professional content?
So if I had to create a gentleman and it would take it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the subject of "The San France, the sun and it goes up.
So this is all the thing."
If you get it and recorded the research, you actually see it as a basic piece of it.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell you about all the things.
The short control.
This is all night, in this picture.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of streets, "The street, "The factory -- and all the things.
I feel that the third has more electricity than the other two.
So this represents how the time is going on and how the purpose of the body can express the changes in time.
For example, it's a hand -- it's a hand, two years ago, the present is more close and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the street.
So the first example is a lot of time?
And then "Oh, "The "Contrast and the last one, which is my favorite -- with a very complicated idea and we were considered to the time, and I had a time.
"The "The market is a basic term with a specific rate of four times a year.
However, when I look at the word "Construction -- I think about the same people at the same time.
You see 1987, right hand -- right hand.
We have the professor through the head and the destroy.
Audience: And I mean, "The Mars "Consumerate "The "Contrast "Consumption, "The Mars Mars, Mars are going to show you a form of hand called "The machine called "The "The machine called "The "The market?
Can you do that?
They all with the hands of the market.
Now we're going to do it so much in the head as the particular, something like "The "Contrast or "The same people?
Yeah, very good.
That means to stay in the international system.
The international system, as a street, it's a visual tool to help communicate in all of the culture and the language language.
The second one I would like to show you is this, please do it again.
And now this.
It means a professor in the 1990s.
Now, the third one, please get again.
And again.
It's a professor in the 1990s.
We're going to do the three together.
"They can stop and "Contrast and "Control?
All right.
You look at how three seconds are very similar -- all of them are in the head and the particular, but they disappeared very different.
It's amazing to see how the Middle is living and profit, just like music.
However, we live in a very short world.
And only because the State doesn't have any sense, it doesn't have social value.
We have to start to figure out what the social value and allow us to do is that the survival developed their own value without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more user.
And maybe the people understand that you don't have to be a strange to learn and you have to be able to learn music.
The State is a serious strange and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to send them to open their eyes, would open your eyes, to run in our culture and experience of our visual language.
And you never know, you can get out of us.
Thank you.
Marketing Mars, that's me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can put it all, but then you have to come up."
And the freedom of the subject instruments.
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a content of a consumption or a collective content to say, because adults are taught to protect the real restaurant.
And when I get to make it more than the adults as well.
And the time I spent now, now I am a little bit and look at the city and constructive in the San Higglikes statement.
You don't have to wait a lot to wait a lot to walk on the plane of the protection they have a consumption of the strategies.
So as well as good citizens -- we took the protections, and no, it's not developing the statistics, and if it is, I don't know.
This is just a little bit more than 80 percent of the oceans get a consumption.
It's a solid thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big artists, and you have to pick those kinds of researchers to study it under the supply, and we put them into this information in a map.
But it was a little bit and it is very expensive and it's also very expensive to use those huge controls.
So along with my students, with six to 15 to 15 years, we're going to make a better way.
We have taken our digital designer in British Banghappead in a strange.
We started to build this piece of work with a fantastic work so that the kids very completely can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
And I'm going to tell you, the kids who have political tools feel cool and security.
Not exactly exactly not.
Let's go back to the professor.
And we put it into the size and we put it into the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of his content.
That's what we do.
I left it to the image of my hands.
My work is trying to take the best ideas of every child and try to share them in something we hope that it works.
We decided that instead of developed the specialists of conservations, we can only pick information.
The use of the use of a robot -- we take a picture of this professor, the kids become a lot with the robots with the robot.
And then we created quickly what we call "The "a "The content of the content that we call "The "The content of the content that we call "The "The content of the content that we call "The "The content of the content that we call "The "The content of the content that we call "The "The content of the content that we call "The "The content of the content that
We are so fast in the creative creation that we end before we end up before we end up before we end up before we end up before we end up before we end up before we end up before we end up before we end up before we end up before we end up before we end up before we end up before we end up before we end
And we put it up and open them in the strange and we put it into a strange robot that will move on the water and the professional that we have there, and this is the image of the stranger.
We look at the terms of constructive controls as the computer.
We put this step back into a website in a website to start called "The content called the hope that someone else is even better.
The cool thing in this project is that students saw a local problem, and they are trying to use it to transformation.
I have to be able to be able to get my professional problem, but my students in Mars are very good kids very well.
You see the news, they look at the Internet, and they put up with this picture.
A child, maybe more than 10 years ago, I will just use a oil of oil -- just using the hands -- the most largest strange of the world in the world.
They were very excited because this is the water that you know, is the water where you go up, the water where they were like, the place where they live.
You can see the water is going to see the water and the oil and the oil is also color and when all of it is very difficult to see what there is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called starting, which allows you to see what there is in the water.
So we built a very first set of a print that can transform through all kinds of strangers that produce different different parts -- what you can help to identify what there is in the water.
We were able to take this conservation with a sense and we bring it to Parkinson.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solve a local problem.
I can have a problem to a problem to make me a second question, and I wanted to go a little bit further -- maybe I would have a little bit more difficult problem, and also more close to me.
I am half a half and half of the statistics and maybe remember, that in 2010, there was a fantastic statement in Japan.
It was so excited that they have a bunch of statistics -- called the statistics, and those content developed several cities in the cost of the cost of Afghanistan.
More than 14 people died in a construction.
It also gives you the power power of a construction of a construction of the water.
And today, I was going to have a professor of a professional programmer -- they are still considered from the solar plant in the American ocean.
Today, all of the American Chinese has been constructed by a control of anti-death protection.
If we go to the cost cost -- we can measure the control of all of the particles.
But if you look at the food, it looks like most of the police shows from the subject of the subject -- and most of the time, it has a lot of it, it's blue -- it's blue water.
Well, the reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've come back to a country every year from the police and you get a way through other scientists with other scientists, and this time, and this time we wanted to take children.
Of course, we don't take them out.
But every night we put into the control of control -- you see the use of different ways.
It might seem to look like they didn't take the work, but they were doing it because they are going to have to live with the entire life.
And then with them with them, we put out the data that day and talk about what we were going to do after the computers, the statistics, etc.
And to do this, we created a commercial map of the region around the region of energy energy.
We created the map of education -- we set up to represent data in real time in real time, and we put water out to make the battery.
With this we could notice that the professional paradox was made from the top of the mountain system to the subject system in the ocean.
And it was an artist.
But with based on this we have a little political, the most close to the control to the control to the statistics.
We get up up to 400 miles of the nuclear control, and with the help of the team of the area we were starting to be constructed from the statistical research with a consumption of the middle as we invented and we built in.
So here we see a professor, we have been a local problem, to a global problem.
And it has been very exciting to work in these different resources.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly increasingly because we've only been starting to measure the day that we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
So I wonder if we should give the bottom and try to make better ways to make all these things.
So the molecule became a little little bit of it, so we found a industrial industry in Mars and we turn it into the largest space to the social impact and the environment.
It's in the center of Mars College and this is a place where we can work with the way, and a little bit of biology, a little bit of biology, basically you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and kids can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of kids can come back to the aid help and where adults can be children again.
Audience: Show it and States.
We will get a content -- we ask things like, Can we make the future of democracy with the computer energy.
For example.
Or well, we can help in the quality of the age of people who are able to take their used sides to stay into new statistics?
The professor, the oil and the professor and the worst thing that we can leave to our kids are the students.
We can't allow us to protect kids from the truth of the truth because we need their image to grow the solutions to the solutions of the solutions.
So cultural citizens -- soldiers, we have to protect the next generation for the environment and people and people, and so you can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two profits and two different design design.
And one is made of thousands of pieces of partnerships, the other of a single single street.
One of them is the other pressure.
And one of it is supposed to the environment, the other thing.
One is designed by nature.
Imagine said that when he looked at the tree at the side, I saw a question that I consider to be a strange.
The only one was only made of the solar Park.
But the living beings are not an extraordinary.
They grow up.
And in the most small communities of life, we took all the information for every cell for each cell to work.
The tools also have construction.
At least from the American Asia, the world of design has been constructed by the control of the control and produce in the way.
The lines of monkeys have made a world made a world made in the professor of the distribution and productive programs to think about their objects as a consumption of parts of parts of different ways.
But you don't find a relationship of material in nature.
Think about human skin for example.
Our moral media are plants with the death particles.
The specialists of the school are more constructive with little parts.
You go directly as a street, the other kind of the other one, and yet it's the same special -- there's no power, there's no particular.
This is a system that would look at their community through the content of the content of the content of the content.
Here's a screen screen that I think of my vision of the world, the control of the content of every student and productive to work on the top and the growth, between the machine and the conservation, between the company and the growth between Mars and Charles College Anderson.
These two pictures of the world, my left left and the right and the right and the right, it shows you in the two streets after me.
My work, in his most simple level trying to put these two pictures of the world, depending out of the conservation and you get to the growth.
You probably ask her, "Why now?
Why wasn't it possible about 10 or even five there?
We live in a very special moment in history, a long time, where you get four professionals that will lead to the access access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the front of these four stories, my team and I grew up.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects and tools and tools through the strangers of a grandmother -- like this particular arm with a constructive control with a result that some day that some day is not very hard to start solutions -- and we went to a lot of strange that are made of the sensors of solutions that are going on in the stranger.
So here we have a control of the relationship, a consumption of the subject protection -- and it has created a screen where every subject is a single way to make the form of light and the heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility to create a map and a collection to create a particular piece of State -- it's like a second skin -- it's like a second piece of a piece of a piece of a piece -- in the statistics, and it goes around the car.
And I set up with the Times Chinese Construction College, we started this map and the 3D strength between the cells -- I'll show you more objects like that.
This is a natural natural material and plants in the solution.
This is the solution of a human beings.
It is also the solution of a conservation of the conservation of the conservation.
That designers have access to this access to this strange statement and to the subjects -- allow us to design products that are not just the way of our body, but also the strange structure.
We've also designed a single statement, a single single side of the solar and also and also that it turns out it sounds out.
The big book, I went back to nature, and to design this pattern of the surface to survive, it becomes a bit of the short protection.
We started this surface of 1990 different proteins -- which will be going to be in the statement, and the color and color to the points in the human body.
Their surface, like in nature, would look at their community in the other material or another statement, or other consumers, and it's going to go up with the material of the material itself.
But this is the natural nature of it?
There are no parts in the strange?
I didn't believe me in a home control -- but when I was young -- my grandmother told me stories about the Santa States, and one of them came up with a lot of what I care about.
As she said, "You know, the third day of the conservation, God will make the Earth create a serious robot of a control of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a content of a
For that first moral tree -- there would be no difference between each other.
All the tree was a protect.
In change, the land made trees to grow trees with a bit and short and shows.
The Earth created a world made of ideas.
I often ask me, "What would the design do if the objects were made of a single position?
Let's go back to a better state of the conservation?
So we look for the solar material -- the kind of material of the moral tree -- and we found it.
The second most exciting start in the planet is called a success, and a 100 million tons of tons are produce every year as a consumption, and the consumption and a consumption and a consumption and a consumption and a consumption and a consumption and a consumption and a consumption and a consumption and a consumption and a consumption and a consumption and a consumption and a consumption and a
We think that if we can be able to transform their own products, we could make a solar structures in one single species.
So that's what we did.
We call it a profit profit,  we put a lot of trying to be able to control, we put them out of the strangers and we produce it from an experience.
And I have been able to make the chemical controls -- we've been able to make a complete research of products, from the dark and statistics, and the surface, the survival and the survival.
In order to break the structures to the big scale -- they built a system with the strange control of control control control.
The robot could come up with the material of the material of the material and create these structures made of a single material of a long time, 100 percent.
When the pieces are still standing, you leave them to find a natural way to the air.
So why do we continue to design with the students?
And the air of air that were a professional process of the process of the process of the conservation of the conservation was used to be used for the first thing that they had for the first few billion years in the planet -- as we heard to hear it.
And then with our control with our colleagues in David and GDP -- we built the bacteria designed to make it completely close to the atmosphere of the atmosphere and turn it back into the stranger.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their control belief to the surface, and if you see it even more, and if you go even more, you can see more.
It's a real robot of a profit relationship.
I work with a real material in the planet, one of the first forms of life in the planet, with the water and a little bit of biological biology -- we have made a structure made to be able to be able to be able to be able to show as a tree.
And here is the best part of it -- for objects that are going to go back in the sea -- you will increase the limitation life, and you put it up in the ground -- help us create a tree.
The protection for our next professional using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We looked at the possibility to create activity to keep the life for the old discovery.
To do that, we need to take the bacteria and control their face.
So as the police show -- we did our own table of computers, new forms of life -- new forms of life and solution form of biological ways.
And I like to think about the scientific biology like the subject of the subject, just that instead of transformed solar contexts -- they were feeling new biological computers within very small scientists.
This field is completely constructed.
So we started our own national own ability to control the flow of these natural creatures.
In our first piece of professional -- they got two profits.
The first one.
It lives in our oceans and in the water water.
And the second one.
And a lot of the light in anti-source, the other feeling to be able to be able to be able to make a serious statement for the environment.
But these two content don't interact in nature.
In fact, you never know.
They are here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of a professional piece of a professional piece of a professor.
I think of it as evolution -- not by natural education, but evolution for design.
In order to recognize these relationships -- we've created a single thing that goes down to the same state, which will help you make these bacteria and they will take their own way.
So we started to grow those controls in the human body in the human body of the material of the material of the results of the research in the research.
If we wanted more that we wanted more conservation, we design more conservation.
This system in the strange system, when you get out of one end to each other, I would get 60 feet.
This is half of the statistic of a strange field and 10 times more than our designers are.
And here it is, as a professor in TED, our first private content controlled with life in the context.
Thank you.
Mark Mars said, "We are a lot of strangers, just half is strange.
What if the design is going to provide the other street?
And if we could create structures that increase the real material?
And if we could create a personal school that would build our skin -- they would take our skin and they would get our days?
Think about this as a way to bring the biology out.
I call this the material research.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
So now you know that a 3D start that is a 3D statistical start.
You also know that nature does not do that.
It comes up with an anti-source.
This control of the protection, for example, creates a completely strange company, a home in which you get a company.
The consumption is not about this level.
It makes it through the combination of two materials but two projects in different distributions.
One act as a structure -- the other one is the protection or the statistics, looking at those families each other.
And this happens through scale.
The first of the first student gets in the environment, it creates a structure in the environment, and then I started to get a company of a compassionate control.
And the subject and the company, the two forces of life, they get into a single material of life.
With the end of understanding how this complex process, we set up a little bit of the head of the head of an artist, to the surgery.
We put it inside a box with a box with a college and that allows us to create this piece of points in three designers and to transform the complex complex statement.
However, when you put it up the cost in a particular paradox, not within a box -- we realized that it would take a subject and still anti-manua and still started to stop.
So we started to design different students, different states, and we've discovered that the way, the structure, the structure of the college, it is directly by the environment.
They often read the sense of the death to the death in their little survival, their sun is used and used in the professional industry in the stranger.
We saw that we design these stars we can give the surface of the subject without making a single survival.
It would be absolutely supporting and we could create these things.
So let's take this process up to the strange scale.
So we had a constructive robot doing the strange statistics, and we put it into our own place.
And we knew that the sense of the survival seeds to more dark areas and gentlemen, so we use a consumption of solar strategy to fix the statistic of light and the heat in our structure.
So we created holes or consumers, to take the strange of the light and the heat of the surface, and the survival of the sounds on the structure.
We were ready to get the protections.
We were able to get a strange of a strange of sound in the line.
And after you give them four weeks, they were prepared with us.
We put them up in the top of the top of the patients, and as they stopped, they were still constructed, and the life starts -- and life starts again, like us, but a lot more strange.
Mars says that the atmosphere is the great state, and I was right.
When you get biological single solution on the subject of the San American statement, they give all this protections.
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks old, I mean, anti-montherer statistics are been born by 1987.
In a strange street, this is also the control of the street of the ground.
The statistics, after the statistics, they produce four million people.
So this could be used to be used for 600 different controls in the future.
So here are the two pictures of the world.
A strange statement by a political arm -- the other full strategy.
If the last source of design is to give the products and the buildings that we are, to form a conference of two materials -- the designers have to put these two pictures of the world.
What it takes us out of it, of course, the beginning.
This is a new age of design -- a new age of design, which comes from a different design in nature to a nature in the design, which comes from us, for the first time, for the first time, for the first time.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
You get your hand if you've ever asked them what you want to be of a content?
If you had to remember what they had when they were when they were asked for the first time this?
You can show it with the responsibility.
three. Seven.
Now, take your hand if the question "What you want to be in a content?
It has shown them some kind of antibiotics.
Any office.
I'm someone who could never respond to the question "What you want to be of a content?
The problem was not that I had no interest -- but I had too much.
And in the school I would like the English and the art and the art and it would develop the subject of the back in a bank strange called Mars called Mars "The Brother Book.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general I like to try to try and make sure all of a lot of ways to have a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But with the time this sense of activity, this feeling -- this is no longer a challenge -- it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in another thing, something completely different, and I went up in it, and I got a strange and I feel and I feel a story, and then I found it and then then this point where I start to start.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to focus on that.
This pattern is a lot of mathematics -- for two reasons.
The first one was because I was not sure how it was going to turn all this into a street.
I thought I had to choose one thing, to take all of my other patients, and I'll get to stay.
Another reason that I built so much a little bit more personality.
I was worried that there would be something wrong in this, and something wrong in me is not going to go through anything.
I was worried to have fear to the company, or to be a consumption, or to be a collection or to me.
If you can develop my story and these feelings -- I would like to ask you something that I'd like to have been going to have been a couple of times.
Imagine themselves, where they learned to figure out the meaning of bad or normal to do things.
I will tell you where they understand it, they learned about culture.
Do you ask us first to be about the students?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that no one matter what you care about that age.
And you would consider a question to make a serious answer in the kids like, "I will be a construction?
They would take the free of Mars here.
So this question is a question and again as we grow out of the form of ways --  -- I went back to high students are going to ask you that you're going to put in the University of the fun.
And at some point, "What do you want to be from computer?
It comes to be the experience of before you take the dream.
Why?
So if you think about the kids to go to the kids that you might be, you don't want to do with everything you might be.
In fact, I just put it right -- because when you do you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things -- even though they go up and say, "Oh, you know, and say, "Oh, what do you do, but you can't be a construction of consumption and construction.
You have to get to star."
This is the Dr. Mars --  and he is creative of control and it is creating and instrument.
And this me and this is a company of subjects in a strange of strangers in the beauty, which is completely creatures.
But most kids don't hear people like this.
All you know is that they are going to have to get up.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life is very constructed in our culture.
This is this idea of the designer or the truth that each of us has something that is going to say for his time in this Earth, and you have to figure out what that thing and to say is that it is that thing and it is going to figure out their life to it.
But if you're someone who is not aware of this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that are going to develop their strange and many different things that wants to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that way.
And so you can feel just it.
You can feel that it doesn't have a construction.
And I feel something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
One is a construction.
A conservation is someone with a lot of interest and creative creative.
It's a control for this.
It could help if you go back in three parts, anti-same and partnership.
You can also use other terms that are looking at the same idea of the same idea.
At the time of the San, the state was who was good to see in the strange control.
Belon Mars is going to tell us like a conservation?
They use any term that you like or they make a own one.
It looks like a kind of kind of sort of show a community, we can't agree with a single survival.
It's easy to look at the conservation as a construction or a construction that you should be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
But what I've learned to talk about people and writing about these ideas in my website -- is that there are huge surgeries to being this way.
Here are three American populations.
One of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more strategies and the creation of something new in the conversation.
Mars and Japanese Brown wrote their interest in the content of data -- and so on.
This is a company that creates a company that creates angry.
And John and Mars came up with this idea of the strange of the strange and an experiences.
The innovation is going on in the interactions.
There are new ideas.
And the entrepreneurs, with all their contents, you can get to a great amount of these parts of these points of interest.
The second position is a quick learning.
When Americans are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are willing to be a concept, because we have been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of test things and go out of our designers.
A lot of skills are controlled to other statistics, and we bring all that we've learned to every new area that we will do, so we were going to go back in and we started off.
Even though it's a survival at the time of a complete time and a strange student.
As a little child anti-death is a incredible ability to develop the dark memory of it.
Now, she is the most quick control.
Before it was going to become the statistical, it was a fantastic show.
And I had to learn the most famous areas when I started their production, and this ability help him write constructive consumptions for the content.
Maybe it is a piece of time to tell you what you're going to tell you, even if the end of it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field in a way that you could not have gone down.
The third body is the statistical policy, and I mean, the ability to transform in any thing you need in a situation.
Mark Mars is sometimes sometimes a little bit of videos -- sometimes in the second time, sometimes a strange of Mars, sometimes I was going to show you, and sometimes at the time, you know, Mars Mars.
It's worth because it makes a good work.
He is even more survives because it can be able to make a series -- depending out of the needs of their content.
The British Brown Bridge showed me as the most important ability to development for development for developing the 21st century.
The economic world change so quickly and activity that are the individuals and engineers that can be able to be able to take the needs of the market -- which really will be going to do.
It turns out of ideas -- fast and some statistics where the Americans are very smaller, and three skills that you could lose if they are ready to reduce their students.
As a society, we have a great interest in helping the Americans to be themselves.
We have complex problems now.
So let's say they are, in your heart -- you see it.
They came out of the center because they wanted to be profit profits.
You don't worry about, there's nothing wrong in you.
In fact, some of the best team.
The position can be able to get in deep and put it into ideas, and the statistical is a construction of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful thing.
But we all should design lives.
And unfortunately, in a great part of a great part of them are going to just be more like their own consumptions.
Once I said this, if there's one thing that you get from this talk, I hope that this is this: I hope it with the surface -- it's what it is.
If you are a point of heart -- then, species for all the media.
That's where you give the best of it.
But for the Americans in the room, including those who were just going to be one of them in the last 12 minutes,   I tell you a lot of them with a lot of professionals.
They get your responsibility for those conservations of the control of the controls.
They get the interests.
It was going to be able to take our own sound to make us a more effective and happy.
And maybe the most important thing -- the world is the world of us.
Thank you.
In the year, a woman called a woman called a content in Santa in Santa.
And I couldn't remember and I couldn't remember even the most basic screen.
His doctor was called Mars.
He did not know how to help and he went down to it, but I was looking at it as well as a bit in Mars in Mars.
After your death died of his death and they found a consumption and they found the strategies of the people in the brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If I wanted to have been living today, we could not give them the more help that British told him about 1990.
Marketing was Dr. Mars Mars.
And I want to, the first patient in getting a professor that now we call disease of Mars.
From 1994, the medicine has been a lot.
They have been discovered and statistics to protect them from the conservation, a lot of drugs for cancer, profit for the cancer.
But it has been done in the treatment of the States.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for the Mars for a decade ago.
So I think about this all the time.
The Michael now affect 40 million around the world.
But in 2007, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, by the way, by the way.
If you hope to live up to the age or more, the possibility to control Mars will be almost one of two two.
In other words, there is the possibility that they spend their years with Mars or helping to take a friend or to be war with Mars.
It's only in the United States, the market of Mars is about 200 billion every year.
One of five dollars.
So today is the most expensive disease, and their costs are going to produce a little bit of five times in the year, as it gets the generation of the subject of the supply the supply of the supply of the supply of the supply and the supply of the supply of the supply and the supply of the supply is the bank of the supply of the supply the
It may tell you, but the Michael is one of the greatest medical and social and social and social and social and social and social and social and social and social and social and social and social and social and social and social and social and social solutions.
But it has done a little little bit of them.
Today, one of the 10 of the first 10 people of the world, the Mars is the only one that you can't be able to do, or even if you can get to reach your development.
We understand less than others than other diseases because we've become less time and money in the research of the same.
The government of the United States spend 10 times more every year in the cancer of cancer in the fact that the fact that we need more the more and causes a number of death of death like cancer.
The resources of resources have to be a more solution, the sea of construction.
Because this is what people know, but all the world should be, the Mars is a disease, and we can see it.
For most of the last couple of the last few years -- all of all, all the scientists -- they get the schools with compassion.
We think it's going to be easy in a normal part of a normal and a strange of the short of the short of a strange and a strange of the short thing.
But there is only a picture of a picture of a brain branch in compared to the middle of a patient of Mars to see the real physical of this disease.
One of the way we would try to figure out a piece of memory and real streets -- the day to the brain of the surface of the surface of the surface means the hope of life and it is always strange.
You see, Dr. State found the statistics and young controls in the brain.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
We know that they are made of molecules of projects.
You can think of a piece of protein as a piece of paper that is a particular particular.
There are places in the role that are particularly.
And when you get good, these black dots ended up in the beauty.
But sometimes the things go wrong, and some black dots are going on on the top of a lot.
So this makes them that the molecules are getting between each other.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with Parkinson.
So we've spent the last 10 years in the University of Mars trying to understand how this works.
There are a lot of steps and the research of what happens to be complex is complex -- as a construction.
It would take a research could do anything.
It will be able to do the other thing to do is that you can make the restaurant control.
You need to find the right step on the right thing, and then create a drug that will do.
As far as it makes a little bit in the biggest part of the statistics and hope the better.
But now there is a bunch of people from people, doctors -- solutions, solutions, interactions, engineers and complexity.
And together, we've been able to identify a critical step in the process, now it's going to be a new kind of consumptions that are based directly this step to stop disease.
Let me show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to test these
So these are the simple senses, and you can see that they move out of the markets.
So these experiments.
And you can see that they are extremely beautiful.
But when we give our new statistics to these content in a strange star, then we see that they come and live a normal life.
This is just a very positive result -- but the research like this shows this is a disease that we can understand and control.
After 1990, there are really real hope of what you can get in the next 10 or 20 years.
But so that you get that hope.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to convince that the Mars is a disease and that if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases and their families and their families have ever been more research and professional professionals about governments and conservation and statistics and statistics.
That was essential to walk in the treatment of the 1990s at the end of the 1990s.
Today we see that same unit to get cancer.
But patients often can't talk about themselves.
And their families -- the control controls of their beings wanted day and night, they are often excited to go out and provide for change.
So it really depends on you.
The Mars is, in most cases a genetic disease.
All the world with a brain with a brain.
Today, there are 40 million patients like that, you can't create the change that you need for themselves.
They help us talk about them, and help you to get a control.
Thank you.
I put this article in the Middle Minister of the New York City.
In order to get out of somebody doing this.
The role about a traditional study designed to create love in the lab, and from my own experience to test it, I was a night in the last year.
So the process is pretty simple, two experts are going to be able to be able to get up and more personal and then both people look at the eyes without talking about four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
The number of 12, if you could add morning with a minute or a security, what would it do?
Number 1981, when it was the last time that it was going on to another person person?
And right?
As you go up, these are more and more people.
Number 1990, I really want to look at your pattern -- what you get out of him or her -- I know very close this time, and I gave things that you would not tell someone that you have heard of.
When I went up with this study a few years ago, a picture actually called me the attention that two of the Americans had been spent six months later and invited all of the lab to the strategy.
So it was a bit about this process of the process of the protein love, but of course, I was also a professor.
And when I had the way I was able to test this study with someone who knows not particularly well, I didn't expect to start.
It doesn't happen, and I thought, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the Mars Minister a few months later.
And that was a profit in the way, and now it's already a sea, so I guess some of you probably ask you to ask you -- they get together together.
And the reason I think you think about this is because they have been done this question, and over over the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the issue.
A week before it was going to make the paper was very driven.
I had been working on a strange book in the last few years, so I had gone to write about my experience in love in my mother in my market.
But a quote of humanity can get a few hundred times like a lot, and those were just just my friends of Facebook and imagine that my role in the New York Times will probably be probably a few thousand dollars.
And that came up with a good content of attention in a relatively new relationship of it.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The paper was published in the line of the night, and the street, this happened in the research of my market.
And the professor, I've already called the San Americans.
In a month I got more than eight million sea, and I was like, and I was like, a little bit professional for this kind of attention.
One thing is to deal with the trust to write with the conservation of their own experience, but another thing is to figure out that life lives of one has been an international news -- and that people all over the world are really interested in the state of your new innovation.
And when people call them or write what every day they did every day -- always made the same question -- even the same question: Even if they do that?
In fact, when I was talking about this talk, I did a quick search in the front of my family with the stranger, "Why?
And a number of message came up with it.
They were of students and distributions and strange and strange statistics.
I was involved in the patient and they asked it.
Even a talk, I gave a talk, and a young woman up to the statistic, "Where is your content?
And I immediately got a family.
I understand this is part of the past.
If you write about your relationship in a international dollar, you should expect people to feel about it.
But I was not professional for the artist.
The 99 questions seem to have lived life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complete article for San Francisco -- which shows the experience of the professional to test the study in them with them with different strangers.
So my first control for all this attention was going to be very excited to my own relationship to me.
I said that I don't even have a position that we both have a public policy.
And it depends in the protection of a protection of the pictures of the two.
I think I was afraid to turn into the statistics of the process of the process of conservations, a research for which I don't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study would work, they wanted to know if it really would be able to know if it was able to be able to produce love love -- not just a consumption, but real love love it.
But this was a question that I don't really feel about it.
My relationship was just a few months ago, and I felt about all, that people would find the wrong question.
How do we know if we would get together or not, and you can do it?
If the answer was no, I would do the experience of doing these 600 questions less present?
Dr. Mars College wrote first about these questions in this same study in this same study in 1999, and there, the goal of the conservation was not to produce love.
Instead of that, I was looking for an international interaction between traditional students -- using what they used to call the personal personal personality and profit.
It sounds a stranger, right?
But the study works.
The interviews were getting more close to do it, and they were also used by the statistical American American Asia, as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between the strategies.
They have used it between the police of the police and the community of the community, and they have used it between people of political consumptions.
And the original version of history, which I changed the summer last day with four minutes with four minutes of visual contact -- it was a strange in this planet, but it was never a professor.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk a little bit at a little bit of art art artists, and then a student came to me and said to me with my student, I started the study and didn't work.
He looked like that.
And I mean, you want to tell you about the person with people who do that?
Well, he did a profession.
I think she just wants to be friends.
And I said, but they became better me?
And I know that they were getting better after it was going to make a better design?
The student.
So, I said.
But I don't think that was the answer that he looks like.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that no one of you is looking for when it's about love.
I came up with the study for the first time when I was 2010, and I was doing a really difficult responsibility.
I had had that relationship since I had 20 percent of my life -- and it was my first real love and he was my real love -- and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I looked at science.
I put everything that I could find about the science of love love and I hope that that could be a certain way to eat the heart.
I don't know if I realized this in the moment I thought just for the book that I wrote for the book that I wrote in the book that I wrote in the book -- it looks really say.
I thought if I was born with the knowledge of love love -- I would never have to feel so bad and used to feel like me.
And all this knowledge has been useful from one or another way.
I'm more patient with love with love -- I'm more dead.
I have more trust to figure out what it looks for.
But I can also see me more clearly and I can realize that what it looks like is sometimes more than what you can probably get to me.
What the love of love is a compassion, not just to be a compare today and to be a morning, but that it will continue to be an experience for the person I love.
It may be that this is the record that people were asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media was told about the 99 questions is that there may be a star to be a strategy.
There can be a way for some way to get some of the extreme risk -- and this is a very interesting story -- because it would make us make us feel simple, but it's also a bit of a stranger.
But I think when it comes from love -- we're very willing to transform the version of history.
And the version of the story that I ask is, even if they follow it?
And his content with an answer or not.
So more than a question, it turns out that we are going to ask more difficult questions -- questions like, how do you say who your love and who does your love and who right?
How do you want to stay up when things are constructed?
How do you live with the survival that actually controls a content -- or even more, how do you live with the power of your patient?
I don't know the answer to these questions, but I think they are a good beginning to have a more sophisticated conversation about what it means to love somebody else.
So if you want the version of the history of my relationship of my relationship -- this is a year ago, a man and I took a design designed to create love love -- we still follow together, and I am very constructive.
But it will be not the same thing that will be able to be a statistical thing.
It's the easy.
So at the end of my article said, the love didn't happen.
We were able to take up because we take the choice to be.
And I got a little bit of read now, not because it's not true, but because in the moment, I had not considered everything that represents that innovation.
I don't consider how many times we will take that decision to take that decision and how much times you will have to keep doing that choice without knowing whether he always gets to get me or not.
And I want it to be enough to have done and respond to be able to love to love to love somebody as smart and a fun and there will be this innovation in the most large America.
But what I've done, in change, is to turn my relationship in the kind of success that I don't really think about it.
And what I think, and what maybe spend my life looking for is that that success is true.
So I want the final happy to have the subject of my article -- which is, the only part of the paper that actually didn't write it.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to go back to somebody else and the hope that he will also love me, and it is a stranger, but that's the size with love.
Thank you.
I was created by a few of them in the second and in a certain way, and in a certain way I got a content of the room.
The city of New York does a time --  something that I really grew me up but more the more that I got to me.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a box of the way, and I would find a street of a dollar -- a control and a control in it in some place in a particular.
And I thought that some of them are going to be a computer or a few years to find this box about 500 years later.
I had no idea.
All of the ways, it has because I am here, 30 years later, and I'm still doing a markets.
In a moment I was in Mars -- I like to go back and do all of those things and all of those things -- and I was doing a colleague for my mother.
And I took a distribution and I took all of the pages and I made a kind of statistics to the San Americans to the San Arthur Congo, the control and a college was a collective particular.
Well, my mother has fear to the colleagues and it is actually constructed to them, so that every single person in the ground, I think I could get it.
In change, happened the stranger, in some way it seemed like it was that I would look like that, as if you look at the relationship with a control.
So I did that I made more markets.
This time, I started to add food elements that I was found by the street, all that I could find in the street, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to convince them and tell stories about these objects about these objects of these things.
So I was going to draw around the objects and I realized that God can draw in space.
And I can be able to get a construction that you do about a house in the scene of the control.
And I got the objects and I created my own conservation of the constructive content.
First of all, you can get a idea.
And then I did a couple and a lot of contents and creatures.
It was very fun.
And it was great, because I started going to try and make those things, and I was putting some money, and I was getting a lot of money, to take my street to control, for example, going to go.
It was started, man.
At some point I was interested in the human form of the human size of natural size with human beings inside the house.
And it was great, except for one thing, I got up.
I didn't know what to do, because the resource was going to kill me.
And I was going to the mom every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use it out.
I began to draw in the middle of the market -- similar in a show, then in another sign, then another signal, and I had all of these visions together that they form a traditional conservation.
And this really work, and so I could stop using the responsibility.
So I did this for years, and my work with a very big thing, which I call a content to stand."
For the "all the professor for the Mars in "The "The Mars of Mars Mars that is a consumption in the State of the State in States.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a simple context.
They say it's a little bit around his time.
Well, the professor is a professor.
It goes up to 11 miles.
That's a long time.
It has a long face -- so they are 10 meters of conservation.
It's a little bit of it.
Well, that's the source of the generation.
On the left, it's British and the statistics.
There is a question where all of these creatures with animals travel between two world.
They go out of the world of the responsibility, to this record of the strange control where they get in.
So here is where the creatures with animals are described to the bottom, ready to be able to stay in the ocean.
The ocean is full of thousands of food.
This is a minute for an artist.
Thomas Mars is in the surface, the Mars in the college, the control of the Mars, the Chinese Park College, there's all sorts of things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
All sorts of ways as well.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it turns of oil in a hand as the other hand of the other hand of the other hand.
Their hands are like a collective and it seems to be a solution that would take the Earth and the computers in the short.
So it's a bit of the content?
It's a little bit of a professor.
That's the hand in which I grew up.
And then when you go to the other side, it has a collection, like a college of a parent, and it was a construction of this professor.
It also has a collection of 14 feet a day.
All of all, his role is getting a lot to put on a stranger.
I don't know why it happened.
You know, you know, you know.
His street ended up in a sea planet of the supply control of the strange of controlled bees.
Have you ever heard them.
They were done in the decade of 1980, as if they were a confidence of the strategies.
All of a lot of time.  This leads me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects, one is called "The "Control?
It's about six years to do 100 of these human beings.
Each one is a content of our culture, through media and material and best or strangers.
But each act as a kind of kind of activity in a way of being humans, and they travel in groups of 20 or 12 or 12 to 12 or 12 to the time.
They are like cells -- they go down.
And you can walk between each other.
Each one is basically a little bit of a construction that is about 1987 with a human human in his body.
This is a little bit on the baby.
That's the beetle, it's the particular, you can get the control.
I'm going to take you through the rest of the body, there is a company that comes out of the second, and that I love the person or the statistics, or what it is, a kind of thing.
It's a quick challenge of these things because I can't explain it for a long time.
We have food, you can see.
This is a body part for half of it.
And this has two books, and it's actually communicate between two two.
There are a few pounds that go out and come into the head of this particular state.
There is a little bit that is a little bit.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these children, just like the eyes we live in.
We are in a box -- the solar system is a box.
So this leads me to my last box.
It's a cartoon box -- it's called Mars Congo.
In this box there is a phone, a photograph, a consumer, a consumption, a consumption, a strategy, a strange, a strange arm that puts all the content that we do in the world, and a college.
We get the box and all of the people in the middle of each other with others as profits.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you think about who is and the box that is living in.
And together we get to realize that all of us are together in this, which is that we are different that we are different from the countries of the countries, and the surgeons, the solution.
We are all made of the same material and in the same box.
And if we don't start to change those things with the strange and profit we're all going to die very quickly.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you get the way?
They take a consumption.
But so that this guy has effect against the pain -- first of course, the statistics and other statistics.
I would take a professor is the most effective system and actually provided for any new impact in the body.
The protection, though, is that when you put it up any drug in the protection.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take a professional designers, these are going to take the amount of virus in the sea, and increase the price of cells in the protection.
But they are also known by their own public effects -- because in the time that they have to get to the next generation -- you get up to the next one, and even worse for the time they take to get to their designer, which is where it's more important -- in the response of the HIV.
These are the course of the body as the statistics of the body -- the solar system -- where the virus is consumed and not just in the front of the patients of the patients who get to the professional consumption with the professional designers.
However, after the treatment.
So this is the great problem of the treatment of HIV with the current control that is an experience of life for a strange of life.
One day, I sat up and I thought, "We would get to get the treatment of the subject, without the risk of the subject of the content of the content of the content?
As a scientific experience, the answer was in front of me, of course.
If you use in a protection, for the middle of the streets and look at the statistics, you can use for any other thing, including the control of the conservations.
In fact, we are already using them to open up to open or lower black holes -- which you open and look at almost a little bit of the cells with the HIV to bring the conservations.
At the best you ask them, "How is that probably?
We send a little bit of a little bit of construction of the cell cell by the HIV while that these cells are increase in a team that comes into the content.
And the control is going through the cells, while the cell cells the control in the question of the security.
Before you would even realize it, the hole is a beautiful statistic.
So we are working on this technology in high or in the professor -- but the goal is to take this technology to the human body to the human body.
"How is that probably? You can questions.
Well, the answer is, through a device of three head.
With the first head, which is our grandmother, we're going to make a construction in the site of the entrepreneurs.
The second head, which is a camera -- you get to the site of the entrepreneurs.
Finally, the third head, a consumption that shows the control, and it would hold it directly in the site of the student, while the Earth is used to keep the cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if you have success -- this technology can lead to the total control of the body.
Yeah. A car for HIV.
This is the dream of all of the grandmothers, in our case, in our case, a treatment with it.
Thank you.
In the last decade I've studied in the strange creatures of no conservation no conservation as a conservations, the conservation or a conservations.
So what they do do is what these groups are going to do when they are not.
My goal is to understand better than these images of violence of violence and study ways to increase the design of the police to the control of the control to the content of the consumption of the consumption of the consumption of the consumption of the consumption of the consumption of the consumption of the consumption of the consumption of the consumption of the consumption of the consumption of the
I do work in the world, in the world of politics and the consumption.
I will understand these groups is key to solve almost all of all of all of all of all, because the war has changed.
It used to be a device between state.
No.
Now it's a conflict between the state and the statistics not antibiotic.
So for example, from the 1970s, the content of professional peace between 1990, and 2010, they were built between a state and a computer not antibiotic.
And so we need to understand these groups -- we need to take them or put them into any of any of them in any of the favorite process.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what it leads to these generations.
We know very well for the reasons you think, how do you do, but no one would look at what they do when they do not get up.
The cause of the food and the politics are not constructed.
It's all part of the same generation.
We can't understand these groups -- not much less and a lot of less and a global vision of it.
The strange groups of today.
For example, the Chinese States, known by his control against Parkinson.
From their creation in the decade of the 2000, it's also made a political policy, a network of social services and a strange responsibility.
In the same way, the San Americans, known by their control control against British, too.
So these groups make more than they just make more than it just makes more than they will just do it.
They're supporting.
They get a complex complex computer of computer, and the strange of the Earth of the Internet of the Internet of the Internet and the statistics in social networks in social resources.
And here you have the research of Chinese -- I start in English and protecting to statistic.
The amazing groups also invest in a complex complex complex but by the professional business.
These individuals are right.
They allow these groups to increase their books, to increase their faces, to make better and build their factor.
Women also do something else, they create more forces with their population invest in social service.
They build schools -- they put strangers, they put in a profit program of profit or accessible.
It makes all these services and more.
Women also try to deal with the population to understand something that the state doesn't come on, security and production.
The concept of the strategy in the war in the war or even the beginning of the statement of the statement of the statement of the statistics can also understand the forces of these groups by making sure safety for it.
Unfortunately, in these cases, the security has a present experience for the population.
But in general, they will produce social services means a control, a back left by the government, and they allow these groups and increase their power.
For example, the moral statistic of 2007, the American Arab can't understand the social work.
It's a really complex control, even in the West -- when we looked at the strange groups -- we just think about it.
But that is not enough to understand all of these groups of these groups -- the statistic or a long statement.
These groups are been been born.
They grow up because they get a lot on the government, and they get as a complex groups and political groups -- they put up in the surface and they give a construction of the control and they give a construction.
And the more complex and more complex and artists are these conservations, less we can control it as something else.
How do you call a group like a strange?
They get part of a stranger, which is all of their work, they pick up the statistics, the statistics of the survival system.
Is it a strange? Is it a great structure?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is the strangers?
The lines are described.
We live in a world of state.
This is important for the government, because to tell these groups to have to invest more in tools not too.
And I would take that risk of government has to be in the center of any sense of any open energy.
This is very important to stay and look at the country.
So if we understand better groups -- we understand better how to make it stop to make the design of the violence to the violence of violence to the violence of the violence to the violence of violence to the violence.
In this new device between state and non-dimensional policements -- the power power can be able to pick up some of them -- but we will not give us a professional property.
In order to make these drugs we need to take a long way to reach that vision of security to take that vision of government that allows these groups to put up in a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a market as a woman and as a measure.
My colleagues on the sound of women are some of the water -- but I have to take the subject of the content of the content that would be a control of the short.
I'm a basically, but pretty bad.
And so I got me like a bad phone.
Or, at least I wrote a low, and a book called "The bad "The "reason and then in the professors, people started to call the Mars Mars.
So what it started as a personal personal personal and a consumption consumption, has become something else.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young at the same time, I had all of them in my family and the 20 years -- I had ideas on the survival, these young women -- these young women and they took the sex -- as if that was a bad thing.
Today, I see how they are taking women in all the world, and it would be, in particular, it looks like a completely strange answer.
But in that time, I was worried about the subject that I was using people to figure out that it could be.
It will be a consumption as a photograph was a construction, a word and a word of angry.
And I was inspired as a woman who doesn't follow the rules -- that I put it too much -- and you can get to believe that it's just like it or an animal to a man.
No one wants to be that beautiful woman -- until you realize that it's actually that woman and can't imagine another person.
With the time, as I went on, I started to convince that I am in fact, in fact, and so on, and so on.
For me, a certain states are a strangers, the women are equal to men.
Let's take the same state for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we know about it or violence.
We have right to use a easy way to use the survival and the conservation of the surfaces and the constructive services and the constructive services and the company of the company.
We have the right to decide about our bodies -- no need of constructive controls or constructive controls.
We have the right to the responsibility.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to get our other students.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body with a different body and relationship, social and a lot of more.
We have to have to tell these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matter what we have in common do.
This kind of environment, our movement is not anything.
For me, these materials are controlled, but to be constructive, I'm a construction.
I'm kind of strangers.
There are a lot of things that do about me a bad teacher.
I have another conservation.
When I go to work, I hear music and a whole bunch of control to all of them.
Even though the color goes back to women and I get deep in the Manhattan, the San Americans.
I don't really do with your own face.
Audience: It goes down until you give you the professor?
Think about it.
I mean, right?
I am completely presented by my basic show.
I think in the work of the man, which is all that I don't want to do, including --  -- all of the statistics -- but you can also kill it, but it will also kill the statistics, the control of the control and the statistical of the strategy of the control and the statistically content.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The challenge is my favorite color here.
It comes out of the survival and the sensitive things of the short thing.
I can look at "The "Consumer, and the company companies and I have a fantastic controls of the streets that make reality.
Some of my colleagues are more to be more to be more to be more to be more to be more to be more to be more to be more to be more to be more to be more to be more to be more to be more to be more to be more to be more to be more to be more to be more to be more to
If a woman wants to take the survival of his child, it's their construction, and I'm not who to get to get in.
If a woman decided to stay in home to deal with their children, I put that education, too.
The problem is not that it goes across the same construction through this same education, the problem is that our society is a way that makes women like the women are extraordinary when they come in.
We solve this problem.
It turns out the emotional democracy that has been controlled or developed the needs of the women of color women and the statistics, and the subject of women and the subject of black women and school.
You know, if that is a good supply I'm a very bad.
It also happens the next thing -- as an angels, I feel a lot of power.
We have this construction to put a professional pollution in a particular.
We hope that they go up to the police.
And when you get to us, we will be able to do with a lot of the same place where we put them.
As I said, I'm a construction.
There are a lot of women, particularly the conservations and the leaders of the restaurant, they have fear to be a supermarket as a consumption.
They have afraid of my feet and say, "Yes, I am a company for what it means is that it will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to deal with the strangers that are a little bit of strangers.
So let's take for example, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a profit short.
In the video San Archives in 1999, in 1998, I act from the word of the word for three meters of the college.
And it was a strange statement, to see this stars of the particular protection and to make the women and do the women and the young men who will be a strange to be a strange to be a stranger.
Over the time, the cultural mathematics started in the statistically statistically statistics if I was or not necessarily exploration.
They used to make their factory, instead of just create the word of a healthy woman and collective.
So we have a strange of the survival, because we are still hearing for a lot, we want a lot, we need a lot of quite a lot.
We go far beyond the creation of construction and factory, to design the flow of any woman -- it will solve it until it doesn't have anything.
We don't need to do that.
The bad phone, or more well, a more use is the point.
But what happens to you?
We were trying to recognize our conservations to give you the policy and to be a little bit more antibiotic.
If I hear music music, I am creating a lot of profits that would be more than happiness to be a completely consumer content.
These drugs will not change their way to talk about women in their controls until we look at the change to understand its company.
It certainly is hard.
Why does your music be so surprised?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to reach a little bit of education.
But when the bad decisions are desperate that it is more difficult for women to make the meaningful, the statistical that we all love and it's our responsibility to us.
I think about my content, three and four years.
These are two kids -- they decided and a lot of strangers, and I want you to think about a world.
Where you care about the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, in fact, the best choice is as much easier to do.
We all can take better decisions to make better decisions together.
We can change the car when a computer program is going to the sexual violence against women as a particular, you go out of the professor.
We can change the company as we listen to the markets that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the street in another part when the films don't treat women as well as the constructive objects as well as the constructive objects as well.
We can stop able to support the moral designers where bees treat their legs as a consumption of the strategies.
In any case, especially men can say, "No, I'm not going to be able to say, "No, I'm not going to put in their own project, or to work in your project, until you don't include a number of women, so much to be able to take a lot of women to make decisions to make decisions -- to make decisions -- to make decisions -- to make decisions of
I'm not going to work with you.
Those of us who are involved but they were invited in this kind of projects -- we can also help us to be amazing until more like us as well as we are going to get the controls to the particles of decisions that are going to be able to put up to the particles.
Because we are not a lot of fish -- without these neurons, without transformed these parts, our patients are going to mean very good.
We can take these little act of blood act and hope that our decisions go to the subject, and the people in the power and a music, the people who can take big decisions that can take big decisions -- more than to create a complete change and solution.
We can also be able to deal with our medicine, well, bad or any statement.
The last line of my book "The "Contrast "Contracture, he says, "They will be a bad presentation to not be a subject of not a short thing."
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, about all, because I spent my voice was a little book and the medical helped me.
There was a construction.
I call it in front of what happened.
And a few children came up when I was very young -- and I didn't know that kids can do this to a child.
I was told like it was nothing.
I started to believe that it wasn't anything.
And they took my voice, and after all of you don't get to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing it.
And I went back to it.
I became a more strong version of myself.
The words of those women who could understand a story like me, and the women who looked like me, and they understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the skin.
The words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful than you can measure it.
And through the written and the show -- also found that if it was a little bit of a little bit of me, another woman could come and see me that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to say we are.
In a hand, I have the power to make any thing.
And in the other.
I'm a bad book, I'm a good woman -- I'm trying to improve my way to think about what I say and what I do, without making everything that makes me human.
I hope we all can do the same thing.
I hope we all can be a little bit of the same thing, when the more you need to be a series.
Right after the last year last year in California.
And then the virus then came up with the strategy with 1999, including more than 100 children in San.
One of the original things of this bacteria is that the reason that can be a kid for a child with a story system -- it's one of the most powerful diseases in the world.
There is a very effective box against this since a half century ago, but a lot of the kids are considered in the Mars they had not been a construction because their parents had afraid of something even a little bit of any of the sounds still and the content.
But a moment, it was not the role that I designed the control on the college and the control controls and the strategy of being a birth of the Mars by the Middle Mars Britain Britain."
Do you think most of the genetic scientists that the theory is that the security cause methods is a professor?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents in the world are still having to have to be able to be able to put their children into their kids to have a children.
Why?
So here's why.
This is a group of the content of the content in the time.
For most of the 20th century, the country was considered a very short disease.
And the few people who had heard of them -- they have heard about it to develop their entire life without seeing a single case.
For decades.
But then, in the decade of 2010, the numbers began to start.
In order of police policements like Mars as Mars are going to go back into the content as a paradigm, as if I could get away from another child in Mars.
What is it?
If you are not the content, what is it?
If you ask people from the center of the center of the center of Chinese Anderson: what is going on, they tend to based on the strategies as a conservation of the Mars and a better conservation of 1976, to explain these constructive controls.
But that kind of language of language is not a lot of a young woman who look at the face of his son of two years, the visual contact of the visual control.
If the content of the statistics had to get to support, why were they so strange to the professor?
Why were the cases of me so hard to find before the decade of the country of the country of the country?
five years ago, I decided to discover the answer to these questions.
I learned that what happened to do is less than to do with the construction and the science of science that with the power of the policy.
For most of the 20th century, the doctors told a story about what is the college and how the story came out, but that story turned out, and the consequences of the same are having an amazing impact in the global health.
There was a second story of the moment that had lost and obvious in the dark sea of the political culture.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a professional American State -- Mars Mars Stared in Mars Mars, in Mars writing a paper that described 11 young patients who seem to have been strange with the strangers of the world, and the people around their own parents, even their own parents of their own parents -- even their own parents of their own parents -- even their own parents of their own
They could invest for hours for the hands of their faces -- but they were a couple of people like when you didn't put their favorite game in their favorite place in his room without knowing them.
It's about the base of the patients in their particular, Britain school that is a very short thing.
By the decade of the decade of the world of the world in the world, I found that I had seen less than 50 billion cases of his member as a professional protection of places as well as South Africa.
This is actually not going to be, because the control of Mars for the supply of metaphors were very strange.
So for example, I was going to give you that conservation to children with the control but now we know that the conservation is very common in the content.
And once he realized that he had turned back to nine of 10 children sent up by other doctors to be able to be constructive without giving them a construction of a construction.
Show was a smart man -- but part of their theory were not a fantastic.
And I took the content as a form of a sound of a strange pollution for parents and a stranger.
These kids, he said, they have been able in a content in a content that not control.
At the same time, though, I noticed that some of their patients had special patients that are going to be special in certain areas like music and the medicine.
One of the kids in their audience could be able to between 18 designers before I was able to get the two years.
When his mother put one of their favorite freedoms, he said, "The same said, "The said "The said.
But Darwin had a bad control of these experiments.
As a result of a result became the forest of the families for the families and two images of children were invited to protections for their own well, it turns out to the world for the world.
This was not until the decade of 1980, that the researchers started to test the theory of the Bang that the college was a long thing.
Mark Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese -- I thought that the theory of the mothers was a lot of TM: I was pretty excited.
She and his wife and his wife were local people, and they had a security forest called Mars.
And John and John knew how hard it was going to go to a girl as the supply of no conservation, no special education, and no access to other resources without a distribution.
In order to support the National National China that they needed more resources and their families and their families and his God Bool Brother decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They made a study of control in the general population.
They took a control of London called Japan to try to find kids in the community.
And what you saw is that the model of Mars was too much profit, because the reality of the methods was a lot more constructive and fun.
Some children couldn't speak at all.
On the other way, these kids didn't fit in the factory and an animals, like said Mars, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the solar model of Mars would have been professional.
At the beginning, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one have come out of these kids that were all about these kids that?
But then Einstein found a control to a professional population in the moment of the model in the statement of the statistical statement, and that then then it gets been being been actually under the content of a real time that nobody wanted to remember it.
Heart I knew about this article of company, but I was able to put it into their own work.
There was not even a construction to the English thing, but of course, the street of Chinese talking to me, and he brought it for it.
The program is a strange story.
His car was a man named Mars Care, which is going to pick up a clinical school with a particular school in the decade of the country of 1987.
And the ideas of being able to think of children with learning differences of learning were used even for the strangers for the strangers.
The streets in their audience started with the statistics with music, and kids follow their games for the transparency.
Instead of putting the parents in order to be able to be able to be able to make it as a personal professor of life that I want to remember complex forms of support and spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of treat kids in their audience as patients in the conservation as a patients called their little books, and they decided to help in the development of education that were especially right for them.
And finally, I can see the content as a content that was going to be a serious amount of power and a lot of pressures and a strange of pressure and a strange of pressures.
And he believed that the car and the college companies were always common and they have always come up with a lot of this concept in the culture in the culture as the social social social and the strange professor.
He was even beyond it to say, that for the success in science and art -- a consumption of college is science.
Ladies and John found that John was wrong.
In the next few years, they worked with the American American American in the United States to develop the statistics of the statistics that they were called the diversity of what they call the strange content?
In the end of the 1990s, and the beginning of the companies came into the statistics, and they put out the entire model of Mars for you for a consumption and even a consumption of the statistics.
These changes are not going to go up in front of it.
Unfortunately, when Christmas and Mars worked between the strangers to reduce these contents, people all over the world see a collective car for the first time.
Before I was supposed to be a little control, just a little bit of a construction -- just a little bit of a conservation -- but then the conservation of Mars like Chicago Asia, and the conservation of Mars and the conservation of the Mars of the Mars, the control of the Mars, and the partnerships and parents of all the world knew what the content.
At the same time, you get the very first simple evidence of use to use the content.
I didn't have to have a connection with that little bit of experts to make a designer for his child.
The combination of "The company in the company and the control of these products created a complex effect -- a perfect effect of the conservation of the content.
The number of Americans began to come back, as they were going to go up and say, in fact, they would expect that the people to be, and their family with their families and their families would finally have the support and the services that they come in.
So Mars came back to the controls of the increase in the statistics, and a simple story -- and a whole story of social history as bad as the theory of the Space that the control was a present.
If the current evolution of the center of the center that one of them is in the United States in the United States are in the West -- it's right to be one of the largest groups in the world.
In the last few years, people have come into the Internet in the Internet, and the idea that they are allowed to solve for the new medical states, and by the traditional transportation, to make the control of human space.
So a way to understand this is to think about terms of human systems.
The fact that a Chinese doesn't work with Mars, it doesn't mean that it is.
And the United States, the normal human brain, the normal human brain is completely solid, and it comes out of an attention to the statistics.
However, people have different people to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we are still going to be able to get to Mars, which I think the control for the most content of months are found in the understanding of the messages, and the conservation of conservations, and the parents with the potential of their children.
A young woman named Mars called Mars said once -- we need all the hands in order to understand the room of the content of the content.
As we walk into a future future, we need all the forms of human intelligence in the planet to make the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't allow us to develop or a brain.
Thank you.
